---
title: 2025-12-18 - `t-content` Meeting
tags: ["T-content", "meeting", "minutes"]
date: 2025-12-18
discussion: https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/523012-t-content/topic/2025-12-18.20meeting/with/564499358
url: https://hackmd.io/ZNYN00VdQVyx9f5uCYbtrw
---

# 2025-12-18 - `t-content` Meeting

## Attendance

### Attendees

* Pete LeVasseur
* Tyler Mandry
* TC
* Lori Lorusso

## Agenda

* Solicitation of notetaker
    * Tyler Mandry (and others pitch-hitting as well)
* Figure out a new meeting time logistics
    * On Pete to do still, for the off-weeks
* Next meeting on 2026-01-01
* Review of [board](https://github.com/orgs/rust-lang/projects/65/views/1) for updates
* Equipment / Software Needs
  * Getting this to fit in a Pelican case we can ship

## Figure out a new meeting time logistics

Pete: LettuceMeet will get sent out

Pete: But likely will not pick up this extra meeting to make it biweekly until after the holidays

## Next meeting on 2026-01-01

Pete: Will send out a cancellation notice on Zulip

## Review of [board](https://github.com/orgs/rust-lang/projects/65/views/1) for updates

Pete: Are there any systemic things we could do to make the process easier?

Lori: Descript (sp?) for syncing and editing. Free trial. Maybe run this as an experiment. Lori's found helpful.

Lori: We could put budget towards it for 3-4 seats if seems worthwhile.

Tyler: Sounds interested. Want to try it.

Tyler: Couple of edits partially done in DaVinci Resolve (Daniel, GregKH). Daniel: need to tweak audio. GregKH: resolve scratchy mic issues.

Pete: For me has mostly been audio issues as highlighted by Tyler as well.

## Equipment / Software Needs

Lori: Darko is a DevRel for Amazon. He put together some [recommendations](https://hackmd.io/@darkomesaros/B1V4Atje-l).

Pete: Happy to hear more.

Lori: Darko's happy to come in to chat with us about it.

Pete: Sure, how about 2026-01-15?

Lori: Will follow-up

## Interview of Predrag by Julia

Tyler: Next step really to schedule interview with Julia, Predrag.

Lori: Will put out some possible dates and times.

Tyler: I'll introduce you on Zulip.

## Editing help

Pete: I put out a call to action on Zulip to help edit things or for people who also need help with things.

Pete: Will work on main or inside Rust blog post about call to action for editing.

TC: Could work on main Rust blog if written in a style that's calling out visibility for t-content and then, side note, you could contribute with editing. Look forward to this kind of upcoming content. If you're interested in contributing in a different way, come along. No experience required, we'll train you up.

Tyler: We could also have some call to action at the end of the blog posts we make with the interviews.

Pete, TC: Makes sense

TC: An idea: keeping an eye out on Zulip for those who want to get involved in the Project, but yet don't have a handhold.

## Cross-posting

Lori: Linkedin posting?

Pete: Chatted with Mara a bit over Zulip. Seems it had primarily been created to showcase folks working on the Project.

Lori: Is there a notion that it would be a non-living page without posting?

TC: Not any such stipulation.

Lori: Can bring this up in the council Zulip channel as another vector for posting.

## AI Notetaking

Tyler: Use Gemini for note-taking?

Pete: I'm okay with trying things out.

Pete: Tyler -- could you get some feedback in our private Zulip stream?
