---
title: 2025-11-06 - `t-content` Meeting
tags: ["T-content", "meeting", "minutes"]
date: 2025-11-06
discussion: https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/523012-t-content/topic/2025-11-06.20meeting/with/553912004
url: https://hackmd.io/DU1iQ_kQTxSJSXb-1QG_pA
---

# 2025-11-06 - `t-content` Meeting

## Attendance

### Attendees

* Pete
* Cameron
* TC
* Lori

### Regrets

* Tomas
* Xander

## Agenda

* Solicitation of notetaker - Lori

* Review [interview inventory](https://github.com/orgs/rust-lang/projects/65); triage for release planning
    * should we make it public?
        * go for it

    * Pipeline - 
        * how do we move through it
            * Cameron isn't able to contribute to editing at this time b/c hardware issues
        * what interviews should go out and in what order
            * Christian
            * Benno
            * Bart
            * Tyler (when back from vacation next week)


* Infrastructure generally / podcast infrastructure
    * Infra team - getting s3 buckets
        * moving slow but still moving
        * hosting podcast infrastructure
        * archiving artifacts & distribution
        * tools available to make using s3 easy
        * Lori - still recommends dropbox 
            * TC: That excludes other people; many in the Project won't want to install the proprietary software.
    * Podcast Format
        * comment on Yuri's video asking for podcast format
        * Is this something riverside can handle?
            * Lori will look into Foundation paying for cost and type of account
        * Livestreaming is an option

* Equipment / software needs
    * Equipment listing check-in - Cameron will update early next week
    * Lori has sent Darko the doc and he'll update with his equipment list

* Content Topics & Types of Content
    * Interested in seeing which formats are desired to be published (videos, etc)
        * Written content?
    * Topics
        * Should we try to find parts of the Rust Project and wider Rust community that could benefit from some spotlight from time-to-time?
    * Contributors
        * We might be able to find a wider group of contributors if we clarify the above
    * Cameron: We've discussed some of these items informally. Written content is good, but feels a bit sparse at times in terms of what's released by the Project. Need to figure out: what to write out, who to write likely falls out of this
    * Pete: Any type of written content? Interview transcripts? Other types?
    * Cameron: Any kind is good. Transcripts can help with translation as well. Other long-form written content is good too. Chance to write things others may not be.
    * Lori: A lot in the Project that could be good to showcase to make others aware even in the Project of what's going on. Potential for some thought leadership around: e.g. why were *these* goals selected? Could be a magnet for others in the Project to be aware that this is an option to make their work known. Could talk to some maintainers in e.g. the RustNL or other maintainers funds. If we're interested in those sorts of content, then we could have a dedicated discussion for identifying initial folks / parts of the Project to highlight.
    * Lori: Having some backlog of articles could be useful.
    * Cameron: Leaflet (Bluesky blogging thing) shared about how to get through the steps of a writing workflow. Always have at least one thing ready to publish; gives some relief so they don't feel rushed. Keeping us at 1-2 items ready to publish would help relieve feeling rushed.
    * Cameron: Visting Project teams and asking them to write material may not fit if they are, for example, already "too busy". We may be able to chat with some of the members and come up with a way to write down that. Could take some burden off of folks. "Maybe we serve as journalists."
    * Written content makes sense
    * take time in the next meeting to go over types of content
    * take the role of 'journalist' for hte project to help tell the stories that those in the project don't have the time or bandwidth to tell

* Content Distribution
    * How can we leverage Rust online properties 
        * [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/company/rust-lang/posts/)
        * [Bluesky](https://bsky.app/profile/rust-lang.org)
        * [Mastadon](https://social.rust-lang.org/@rust)
        * [Inside Rust blog](https://blog.rust-lang.org/inside-rust/)
        * [TWIR](https://this-week-in-rust.org/blog/2025/10/29/this-week-in-rust-623/)
    * Lori: individual posts have been seen going up; perhaps we can make posts to other social media presence for Rust
    * Lori: Inside Rust Blog could be a spot to drop the YouTube video embed.
    * Lori: TWIR seems open to push "all the Rust things". Seems easy enough to nominate the video content since it's on @RustVideos
    * Lori: Would be good to communicate to who does social media for the Project when we're publishing new content bits
    * TC: The social media team, and particularly Mara, manages the social media for Rust: LinkedIn, Bluesky, Mastadon.
    * Cameron: Could get own handle @content@rust-lang.org due to how DNS records are used to manage handles at Bluesky.
    * Pete - will contact Mara: LinkedIn, Bluesky, Mastadon
    * Lori - will contact TWIR
    * Inside Rust Blog - anyone can put in a PR, any team lead can approve
    * Rust Blog - same process as Inside Rust Blog; someone to put up on Reddit, someone to syndicate onto social media
        * Gracie likes to put items in there, could be worthwhile to contact for these
    * Cameron: Would be good to draw up a checklist document to do post-publish of content

* Recruiting new people to the team
    * Lori: Would we like to get new folks on-boarded currently?
    * Cameron: Still in figuring out phase. One path we could take is to have folks get involved with creating content on behalf of t-content. Something like a "call for content" that would be broadly appreciated by those interested in Rust.
    * TC: Tell me more about why you ask.
    * Lori: Generally curious on this as a path for folks to contribute. Thinks that Cameron's idea for content submission could be nice.
    * TC: In chartering the team, the model I had in mind was for this team to be scalable. Putting out good content publicly serves the dual purpose of attracting others who want to help with this work. As with any team in the Project, we of course want to be careful to only add good people who are aligned with our mission and charter.
    * Cameron: Don't think we're currently actively recruiting, but certainly not turning people away either. Currently not a specific need identified for the team, but that doesn't prohibit people joining. When our name gets out there a little bit, some may come to us.
    * TC: Currently don't see a need to perform explicit recruitment, but if we're doing a good job people will likely find us.
    * TC: The Rust community is huge. We could be posting videos daily and still be missing out on interesting things. There a huge pool of possible content. The best way to access this long-term is to have more help. Others seeing what we're doing and them joining would be success.
    * TC: We're doing a bit too much talking in the private channels. Pushing more of our work into the open will help to get more people involved. This helps people to see the nature of the work and how they can help.
    * Lori: TC's idea to publish a little more widely on Zulip channels for other teams when relevant seems good.
