---
date: 2025-10-09
url: https://hackmd.io/aSbbU9JwRxCtGsv99mgFHA
---

# 2025-10-09 - `t-content` Meeting

## Attendees

* Lori
* Pete
* TC
* Cameron
* Tyler 

## Regrets

* Tomas Sedovic
* Xander
* TC & Pete dropped early for Spec call

## Agenda/Meeting Notes

Main Priortity - Find a new day/time

### Auto dubbing on YouTube channel

Note Pietro raised this over [here](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/523012-t-content/topic/auto.20dubbing/with/543964610)
* increases visibility/viewship due to multiple languages
    * machine translation can be bad
    * do we keep enabled and roll with it?
        * add to a checklist to have a reviewer of transcript
    * conversation on hold due to TC/Pete dropping


### Lessons learned
* Kangrejos 2025

### Editing content
   * "Echo" occuring in recorded content
        * Tyler - wasn't terrible
            * have a couple of methods to clean it up 
            * setting the threshold audio level - people have different levels of speaking
      * Cameron - need to lock in the audio at the beginning to try and avoid these types of issues
          * Rode may be the problem - self editing can be the solution (time consuming) 


* How to store content?
        * Divinci Resolve & Cloud (storage & editing assets)


### Release schedule planning
   * we have one content piece when will the next one be published
    * we need a list of what content we have 
        * hackmd note - [ video assets ](https://hackmd.io/s5Nqhm9VSpm9kHa4thxzew)
        * helps to assign who is working on what and in what timeframe
   * goal - release one this month
    * Tyler has 90% of a video edited - reasonalbe to get done before the end of the month
        * Xander may have all the title card info 
            * need a place to store assets
   * What broader things are happening in the tech ecoshpere
        * Rustconf videos are released
        * Events happening - **Lori** to fill this in
        * Any big project releases - talk LC to get infor from team leads


### Equipment / software needs
   * Divinci Resolve & Cloud (storage & editing assets)
        * allows for easier editing across peeps
   * Descript - Lori is testing
        * online recording/editing w/ai
   * **Cameron** testing tool 

### CROSS PROMOTION
* RustConf videos live
* Kangrejos - currently subscriber-only
    * About Tyler's talk: https://lwn.net/SubscriberLink/1039073/abf96f38b178f988/
    * Another for Alejandra from Clippy team

* Podcast
    * subscription services - podbean, etc
    * Rust Blog - inside rust, generic blog

* <= triage line =>


### Philosophy discussion - need full team
   * Do we want to have our own brand?
        * ex. Rust Project Deep Dives 
            * hook to bring people to the content

### Supply Chain Security Panel (conversation in Zulip)
    * Cameron wants intros 
        * Crates team (Foundation - Tobias)
        * Compiler team
        * Mark Rousskov, Pietro, Josh Stone (security response working group - Foundation - Walter/Adam)

