---
title: 2025-10-23 - `t-content` Meeting
tags: ["T-content", "meeting", "minutes"]
date: 2025-10-23
discussion: https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/523012-t-content/topic/2025-10-23.20meeting/
url: https://hackmd.io/DPowXVhTQmaE4jTaFGl_9Q
---

# 2025-10-23 - `t-content` Meeting

## Attendance

### Attendees

* Pete
* Xander
* Cameron
* Tomas
* Tyler
* TC

### Minutes

* Tomas

## Agenda

* Scheduling of this meeting / meeting conflict with t-spec
* Review [interview inventory](https://hackmd.io/@rust-content-team/H1gyQ8Hpxl); triage for release planning
* Auto dubbing on YouTube channel
* Infrastructure generally / podcast infrastructure
* Equipment / software needs
* <= triage line =>
* Philosophy discussion
    * Pete: needs to formulate document and will share ahead of the relevant meeting

## Meeting materials

[Interesting remote Rust interviews](https://hackmd.io/@rust-content-team/ryuBUpwRgx)
[RustConf 2025 - Lessons Learned](https://hackmd.io/@rust-content-team/ryCZ3DUclx/edit)
[Equipment / software needs](https://hackmd.io/@rust-content-team/HJYw1Cw0xl)

## Scheduling / conflict with T-spec

TC: I think we are fine with this time. I don't know when we'll do the next T-spec meeting. I expressed the cadence requriement; I don't think anyone's pushing for more than every other week.

Cameron: We actually got through quite a bit of stuff anyway

## Review [interview inventory](https://hackmd.io/@rust-content-team/H1gyQ8Hpxl); triage for release planning

Pete: I'm okay with editing the ones I did as an interviewer. Getting the hang of it a bit better.

Cameron: I can't do it right now, waiting for new hardware which should arrive in a month or so.

Pete: We should think about how to sequence these. If a video is done and people say it's ok, what do we do? Just release it?

Xander: Most of us don't have the ability to upload to the channel. Peter, you're going to be the one scheduling them for now at least. Having a calendar/scheduling/docs would be great.

Cameron: We should come up with a cadence. We don't want to release three in a week or something.

Xander: I was going to say one a week. We have ten in the pipeline right now.

Pete: Agreed.

Cameron: But then when's the next time we'll get new content?

Xander: I'm happy to start doing remote interviews. That's the next step.

Cameron: That's true, I have 3-4 ideas in my head too.

Tyler: I want to make sure we have a sustainable pace so we can edit. It is time-consuming and my pace has'nt been extremely high in terms of editing. I think we can sustain every two weeks. Maybe we could do something like seasons (like in TV shows). We could do that and then take a bit of a break.

Xander: Do we want to try and implement seasons early? Or do releases and then figure out when a season ends?

Pete: I feel better about not frontloading it.

Cameron: I agree. Maybe we'll get through this stuff, then in 2026 we have lessons learned, feedback from the community. This isn't going to make or break us.

Xander: 1. we start releasing every week and when we're out start figuring out new content. Or 2, do a fortnightly cadence and ramp up as soon as we have inflow.

Tyler: Start every two weeks and not frontload a season works for me.

Pete: I created a new doc listing interesting people to interview (remotely) in the Meeting Materials: https://hackmd.io/@rust-content-team/ryuBUpwRgx.

Pete: If you're interested in editing an interview put your name down.

Tomas: I won't have capacity for the next month or so.

Xander: My capacity is reasonably high, I'll try to get through some edits.

Xander: Do we try to get a release scheduled soon?

Pete: Tyler I don't know how ready you are.

Tyler: I'm very close on that.

Xander: My Yuri interview is ready to upload. It's in the `export` folder.

Pete: I think the Niko & Jack one is pretty ok. We can release that one.

Xander: Can we bump Yuri before Niko?

Pete: No problem. He'll also going to talk about something similar at the NYC meetup in December.

Xander: I may be up there, might bring up the camera.

## Auto dubbing on YouTube channel

Pete: I had a meeting with Florian Gilcher about youtube stuff last week. He was the one to start that channel. His feeling was that this auto-dubbing stuff is usually quite poor and more confusing than anything at times. But he didn't feel strongly one way or the other.

Tyler: Does that actually voice over the other person talking?

Cameron: I don't know, I've not used it.

Xander: Anything that makes it more available unless we have strong concerns, I'd say give it a shot.

Cameron: The only time I hear about it is making fun of it, but the people liking it don't talk about it. I hear a lot of it is really bad and could be harmful. I also don't know how big is the audience. People working in Rust are already forced to use English.

Pete: We'll leave it turned on for now and we can visit it.


## RustConf 2025 - Lessons Learned

https://hackmd.io/@rust-content-team/ryCZ3DUclx/edit

Pete: Tomas and Tyler should review and put any missing notes there. We'll turn this into a general lessons learned doc.

## Infrastructure generally / podcast infrastructure

TC: Everyone saw the discussion on t-infra. I'll follow up with them. Also aside infrastructure, I'll follow up to get buckets for archival needs.

Xander: We can also solve all these problems with money. I don't have a strong preference. Instead of expanding their infra, we could sign up to dropbox or teams or whatever.

TC: It's expanding the infra one way or another. If we pull out a card and open a dropbox, that's something Infra will still have to take over. Let's say we all get tired and leave the team for six months, someone still needs to pay for them, take on the responsibility, track that account. That's why S3 is nice. Nobody's ever going to forget about our Amazon account.

Cameron: Is that a reason to use something like [Syncthing](https://syncthing.net/)? We can point it at an S3 server. There's not necessarily too much accounting there. We'll just need a box to run things which we'll need for podcasts etc.

TC: Will work with infra team to get two private buckets. The public bucket for podcasts is still under discussion.

Cameron: TC, you said you thought everyone seen the discussion on zulip. Could you summarize the podcast infrastructure discussion?

Pete: We could reference [The Rustacean Station Podcast](https://github.com/rustacean-station/rustacean-station.org) for how it does this. I think this functions much like TC describes below. The Rustacean Station Podcast does use a service for analytics, if I recall correctly. Here's their [lint.yml](https://github.com/rustacean-station/rustacean-station.org/blob/main/.github/workflows/lint.yml) file with details around how they do things.

TC: At the end of the day, you host an audio file and put out an RSS file and people download it. We can then syndicate that out to spotify, apple, google music, etc. To do that, we could throw the files on a server and from our blog which has RSS feed generator configure the blog to spit out the RSS feed. Then you can post blog entries for your podcasts too. Maybe put up a blog version of it. We back the files with a public S3 bucket with a CDN in front of it.

TC: In the discussion that came up, people worried about us hosting things, we had to talk through those worries.

Tyler: I think there's a couple benefits from going with a hosted service: 1. making sure it's compatible with all the podcast players out there. The other is analytics which could be really useful. I'd really like us to be able to have that.

Xander: I had the same thought, this has got to be a solved problem. Is there an open source software behind this that thandles the d-dosing and analyticns etc.?

Cameron: There is. It's in PHP but that also means it takes two seconds to deploy. I tried to find something that was working well for this. It takes care of analytics and syndication to all the services.

TODO(Cameron): add the links to the tools mentioned here

TC: It's good there are options here. I'd say a lot of this is true for the blog too - wouldn't be nice to have analytics etc.

Cameron: We do get the analytics with the video content.

TC: We're getting it for free on youtube, but we're also putting stuff on the blog. And no one's proposing to move the blog to Medium or something. Also: is it going to change our minds about anything? I'm always for having more data. But at the end of the day the decision is proportional to how much it changes our day to day operations.

Xander: I concur.

Pete: Infra team: yes, fine with the private buckets. For podcasts: do we want to call this resolved for now in the sense that we'll all think about this and discuss this later?

Tyler: I feel we're making our lives complicated. I just want to get things off the ground.

Pete: Are we okay with someone prototype something? I'm trying to find a way to move forward.

Cameron: TC convinced me. If the RSS feed is something we can do in a few hours / day and not weeks, that can be the prototype. If we realise that it e.g. doesn't work with Spotify than it's worth looking at it more.

Xander: I concur.

Pete: Let's proceed with this way. TC will work with infra to get the bucket. And anyone interested can implement it.


## Equipment / software needs

Xander: I poked around podcasting tools and really only good fit are commercial solutions: RiverSide or Zencaster. For 20 bucks a month you'll get something that should serve our needs.

Cameron: My brother does a lot of livestreaming stuff. Xander, what if the two of us we tried some of these things with my brother who has licenses for these tools. And we can see how they work and if they do the things we need them to do.

Xander: Works for me.

Pete: Maybe we can create a doc to capture our needs.

Pete: I'll be going to some conferences next year. I could buy my own equipment, but if there's a way ship the rode mics etc. around  that would be great.

Cameron: Let's define and timebox this. Let's make a kit that fits into one of the wheely pelican cases. They can be shipped and they can fly. We'll try to have a list we could formalize for the next meeting. After the next meeting we can take that to the Foundation.

Xander: I hope to be at both of those conferences. I hope I'll have my gear there but that's not sustainable.

Cameron & Xander: Will work together to flesh out the equipment needs for shipping around in [this doc](https://hackmd.io/@rust-content-team/HJYw1Cw0xl).


## Supply chain panel

Cameron: I still want to do this supply chain panel. It would be great if someone could introduce me to the people I'll be reaching out to. If you think people would be interested in this conversation, an introduction would go a long way.

Pete: I'm not plugged in with any of the crates.io folks.

Tyler: Send me the names of the people you're interested, maybe I can help.

Cameron: lnrc talked about something like this on Bluesky. And another person asked whether anyone's working on this. I'd love to have answers for them.
