---
title: 2025-12-04 - `t-content` Meeting
tags: ["T-content", "meeting", "minutes"]
date: 2025-12-04
discussion: https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/523012-t-content/topic/2025-12-04.20meeting.20.2B.20shifting.20meeting.20one.20hour.20later/with/561764315
url: https://hackmd.io/dRa2-ySeSFepYKWgvcvShw
---

# 2025-12-04 - `t-content` Meeting

## Attendance

### Attendees

* Pete LeVasseur
* Cameron Dershem
* Tyler Mandry
* Predrag Gruevski
* Lori Lorusso
* Xander Cesari
* TC

## Agenda

* Solicitation of notetaker
    * Tomas Sedovic
* Figure out a new meeting time logistics
* New item for t-content: take on entire write up of project goals? Highlight a portion in a showcase?
    * See [this thread](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/523012-t-content/topic/Rust.20Project.20Goals.20-.20Narrative.20from.20the.20Content.20team/with/554433763) for context 
    * Predrag has joined us to chat about his project goal in particular
* Editing of content to distribute
* New item for t-content: interviews of Rust Project contributors?
    * See [this thread](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/392734-council/topic/Index.20of.20.22fundable.22.20Rust.20contributors.20on.20the.20Rust.20website/with/554822711) for context

## Meeting time

Tomas: Should we change our meeting time? Should we push T-Spec back on not doing off-schedule times?

TC: We had a good plan for the meeting time that's being screwed up by exceptional things happening on the T-spec side. Long-term the plan would be okay. But Pete and I talked about meeting every week on the content side. We have a large backlog. For at least the first quarter of 2026.

Pete: I agree on that point. Meeting every week. And that does imply picking another time.

TC: Is this current time (same day but an hour after the regular time) bad?

Pete: Not great. I have three back-to-back meetings

Cameron: We had a pretty good time I thought. Let's push-back? Meeting every other week, this isn't a small team anymore.

TC: I think this may be the last team the Spec was going to do. There were things the Spec teams felt urgent and due to Thanksgiving things got scheduled a week out of Thanksgiving. And then there was a follow-up. Now that it's out of the way I don't think that's going to happen again.

Cameron: Maybe we should wait till January and see. If it happens again in January, let's figure a new time out.

Pete: Maybe that is the way to go. We're going into the holidays anyway. Maybe the lettuce meet is off week on a different day.

TC: Makes sense. Maybe if we schedule it at a different day, it might be different. Say a scheduled editing session.

Pete: Let's continue that discussion on Zulip.

## Write up of project goals

Predrag: I work on cargo-semver-checks. It's a semver linter for Rust. When you publish a new version of a crate you need to choose the right version (major, minor, patch). Earlier more than 1 in 6 cargo crates published on crates.io did a breaking change for the version that they used. This is somewhat systemic. E.g. we promote things that would be discovered at runtime will be discovered by downstream users. The idea: when you run `cargo publish` we check that you won't publish some breakage that you don't expect. We do have some checks (e.g. with the repo dirty check). The idea is to integrate `cargo-semver-check` into `cargo publish`. You'll get to choose what to do next.

Predrag: There's a lot of information the tool needs, we need static analysis, we need rustdoc-json which is unstable. The data we're getting is changing from Rust version to Rust version. And the data we need isn't always in rustdoc-json. A lot of the time we design features in rustdoc-json by proxy and implementing it. There are many challenges and this goal is a long-running one. And it touches a huge slice of the Project (compiler, lang, cargo, rustdoc, docs.rs, editions).

Predrag: I'm the vocal face of the project, but the actual work reflects the work of many people. I want to make sure that any content you produce is reflected that. It's not just Predrag doing this.

Pete: Thank you for the recap. My thought process: maybe currently. Tomas: you do these goal writeups monthly.

Tomas: I do. Note that they're largely auto-generated.

Predrag: Pete and I chatted where I mentioned where Rust Project goals are filled with a lot of interesting content to highlight. What's going on day to day in very broad slice of the project. People involved in the goals are putting effort writing it up. They're great candidates for bringing the attention to the goals.

Pete: It would be great to have more folks. Currently there's enough people to keep the lights on. If we were to do a deep dive and/or showcase one goal. That would get some interest, maybe some new contributors. The hope is to help the Project continue to be successful by showcasing some of the interesting work that's going on.

Xander: I think this is a really cool opportunity. I think the first priority for the Content team is showcasing things within the project. When a new Rust feature is posted to Reddit, people keep asking why it was done in one way or the other. Sounds like Pete is looking at showcasing some of the work that's in flight.

Predrag: Going back to the Maintainers fund announcement. These goals are lightly-funded. I'm hoping this kind of content can be used to point to companies/individuals interested in funding the maintainers fund. Show them where their money is going. And down-the-line let them sponsor specific goals or target areas.

Tyler: This could be a really good niche for the content that this team publishes. If you subscribe to our podcast/channel, what do you get? This could be nice. I was talking to Benno about the Field Projection -- we could do something more high-level. People have interest in what's going on in the Rust Project.

Pete: What do we think about doing a test-run maybe with Predrag? Is there anyone who would like to interview?

Lori: Do you want to do a video with Riverside? I haven't set it up yet.

Pete: I was thinking we could use that tool. 

Lori: Where are you located?

Predrag: Boston.

Lori: We could live-stream it on LinkedIn and YouTube at the same time. Or film it and edit it and super fast.

TC: Lori I know you've been interested in doing a live stream. Are you interested in doing that?

Lori: I already floated that with Niko and bringing Tyler and Benno. I can get that set up and we can work out a day with Niko.

Xander: What do we stand to gain for doing it live for all the additional headache?

Lori: I think it's cool to promote. You get people ask questions. Editing is done, it's shipped to YouTube right away. I've done it before, it lives on LinkedIn, people can watch it. It's an easy way to reach more audience.

TC: Lori, talk about the promotion that could be done to get people interested in the stream.

Lori: You have pre-promotion, people get notification when people go live. You can give link people can add to their calendar. They don't have to subscribe to anything. When it goes live, you get back-and-forth with people. You have youtube and linkedin at the same time. We had a live coding on the one I did https://www.linkedin.com/posts/percona_how-to-build-valkey-modules-in-rust-live-activity-7334205391276314625-R3vT?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_desktop&rcm=ACoAAAILShIBEaeeaWlcqe8XoxkW3MForzIXFtc

Xander: I won't stand in the way of you doing live stuff. I was involved in a motorsport org that spent a lot of time and money to do it live and eventually they went back to pre-recording and releasing. A lot of people were doing live stuff because the algorithm was promoting it and now people stopped.

TC: It's always worth the experiment and seeing.

TC: Something else Lori mentioned about: "and then you have it in the bag". We've done a lot of interviews, published few. When we've done the interview, it's published immediately and it's out there. I see a lot of value in running the experiment in doing the interview and getting the content out there explicitly.

Pete: Predrag, thank you very much. We'll start doing an interview with you.

Tyler: I'm open to trying this. Knowing it's live might flip a switch in my brain. If I know it's going to be pre-recorded and edited I'm we can just get it done. Note, Benno will be traveling now.

Predrag: I'll also be traveling a lot. A concern I have about live, to book in a sufficient timeslot it would have to be outside of work hours and/or the weekend.

Predrag: Personally, I prefer the more tightly-edited format when it comes to podcasts. We might win some audience and lose another part.

Tomas: live also means we won't have to worry about cutting things out because it's all live.

Cameron: We've not done these before so to relieve some pressure. I don't think it's a big deal if we do it live and then edit it down some if we need to. One of the nice things of being the team that's making it up as we go is: there's not a lot of pressure. It's a good time to figure stuff out. Especially doing it with the first folks Lori said -- they're all friends. If it sucks, we'll figure out it for the next time.

TC: What's the next steps Pete?

Pete: Predrag, it sounds January you'd be able to do this correctly?

Predrag: Yes.

Xander: If you want to get this done ASAP, we can try to work with you on that. But you have priority on the timing.

Predrag: No worries. There's going to be an end-of-year post on cargo-semver-check. So recording in January and releasing soon to be timing.

Pete: And you're fine doing it live?

Predrag: Yes.

Pete: Who's interested in doing this live? I can do it but if someone else is interested, please speak up.

Lori: I can do it.

Pete: Awesome. Probably next step: Lori and Predrag can work this out offline.

Predrag: There's one more thing worth considering: I've been on a bunch of podcasts talking about cargo-semver-checks before. Might be worth thinking about how to do this differently so people following this closely could also get something new out of it too.

Tyler: I worked with the intern who implemented rustdoc-json support. She was my intern. It might be fun to bring her in. Assuming she's willing to do that.

Predrag: I'd be down.

Pete: Any other thoughts?

Predrag: If the interviewer or 2nd guest to work with me to write a lint for cargo-semver-checks might be interesting. It's different from most related tools. It's declarative. Especially if it's the person who implemented rustdoc-json. We could talk about how we ended up in the place we are.

Pete: A more tightly-edited format might be more suited for that proposal. If we're saying something broader about what's the project goal etc. that might be a bit loose. Sounds like these may be two different things for two different modes to capture.

Cameron: I don't necessarily agree. Especially since it's early on, we can figure it out. If it's too deep, we'll learn something from it. I don't think we should box ourselves in. If we're already doing the interviews. None of them are too light and none are too deep. So we should just try it and see what happens.

Pete: I think we have a very supportive community. Tyler was it that you'll come back with a feedback if that type of interview is possible?

Tyler: Assuming that's something y'all want to do I can ping Julia. See if she's interested.

Predrag: Writing a lint from zero is like half-an-hour.

Pete: in closing, Tyler will ping Julia and come back to us.


## Editing of content to distribute

Pete: We have a lot of great stuff stacked up. Let's think of the Rust community as a fire. We want it to keep going. We've stacked up a lot of great wood beside the shed. We want to feed the fire, we don't want it to rot. I'm looking at our project board. It shows I'm editing something -- I've not started that. I thought about was maybe we put out a call for action: "If you're interested in helping the Rust Project out in some way" what do we think of that?

TC: Pete and I talked about: we want as many people interested helping us out. Often there are people coming into the Project and they want to help. They're asking how can they help. A lot of the low-hanging fruit is already taken care of. But what we have here is a great place where we can funnel people who want help. We've got content for editing, we have processes on how to do editing. We have a system, we have a lot of content, we need people to help out. It's a healthy thing for us to put out there.

Lori: I think I brought this up about recruiting more people onto the team in the past. I'm all for this. Also people writing blog posts. I think this is great. There's a lot of people with a lot of skills. Making that easy would be helpful.

Xander: I do like this idea of: you want to help out with Rust and you're not a compiler engineer. Maybe we want to put out all the ways you can help out with the Project, not just the editing.

TC: I think it's a good idea to broaden the scope. That would be a really interesting blog post / interview we could put out.

Pete: That's an excellent idea, Xander. We're a Project team. We're passionate about this. Other Project teams maybe think about other things that would be valuable that maybe need different skillsets than the current members of those teams have.

Pete: We could start with a post under T-Content. Say we've got a lot stacked up, we want to keep the community bright. We could cross-post it over the General channel. And later on post it to Inside Rust.

Xander: I was going to say the same thing. Post in the Rust blog. I'm assuming documentation would be mentioned as well. And maybe asking teams whether they need help with anything.

Pete: That's an excellent idea.
