---
title: 2025-09-11 - `t-content` Meeting
tags: ["T-content", "meeting", "minutes"]
date: 2025-09-11
discussion: https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/523012-t-content/topic/2025-09-11.20meeting/
url: https://hackmd.io/rqX12XFVSbGCMaxCw5HmGA
---
# 2025-09-11 - `t-content` Meeting

## Attendees

* Pete
* Xander
* Cameron
* Tomas
* TC
* Tyler

Minutes: Tomas Sedovic

## Regrets

* Lori

## Agenda

* Philosophy discussion

### Skipped items in favor of philosophy discussion

* Lessons learned
* Editing content
    * How to store content?
* Release schedule planning
* Equipment / software needs

## Meeting notes

### Philosophy discussion

Pete: Tried to draft up a philosophy doc, but didn't get to it yet.

TC: Regarding too few people spending too much time on this at the conferences, one of the virtues of this team is it can be scalable in getting help. By doing our work in public I hope to bring more people who find this work interesting. With more people, we could get the value out of these conferences without putting too much load on any one person.

Pete: One of the models Xander brought up was the Rustacean Station. Maybe there's the Content team overall responsible. Having this main team responsible for execution and overview and then have a subteam that could create with us to create and submit content. We'd be happy to do that.

Cameron: It's great to think about how to scale this thing. But it only matters to scale the thing if we have a good foundation and good concept. If we can come up with a core and a mission, anyone can come in. We have three people who know a lot about automotive and C++ interop. But there may be other completely separate things where it'd be great to have experts in those fields interview folks. Have people to feel there's some place for them to do that. But we have to have that core/philosohpy/framework for all that stuff. That's what I'd like to focus on in the next couple of days/weeks.

Xander: It's the classic volunteer/OSS project management. You want to capture every energy that comes out of the volunteers. What we've done on RustConf is more commercial-y way of doing things. I want to do more of: if there's a person with something to say and another person to interview, let's make that happen. We could do remote interivews etc. Treat conferences more as "special episodes". But focus on harvesting energy from the environment.

Pete: To summarise: having some model where we can do things somewhat remotely, have people jump on some right technology doing interivews remotely. That can be a sustainable baseline. Make sure the other things we care about as well are being handled. And then the other part is more of these bursty things where we either plan ahead and try to line-up budgets  or 1 or 2 of us might be that and do a different style of content collection. Maybe take audio only. Or take audio and publish a text inteview. Depending on how many people are there it may be more or less sophisticated.

Cameron: I like the idea of treating the conferences and times where we have opportunities to be in the same meat space as special occasions. Higher production value, quality. That can turn into a much bigger project down the road. I think if we try to focus on keeping scope small and put out at least one polished thing we can be proud of and send to the Foundation. Something we've done on our own dime and no budget and without any planning. Think of what we could do if you gave us a 5-10k / conference a year. By doing that we could really prove out there is a return.

TC: The customer here would be the Rust Project rather than the Foundation. So whom we'd like to impress would be the teams, other people in the Project. And then the Council and that would be the conduit for trying to get the budget. The Foundation already does their own content work and they get what they need there. What we want here is putting out the content the Project needs.

TC: Regarding initial goals, I want us to carefully avoid falling into the trap of doing a bunch of interviews and building up a backlog of footage that we struggle to get out. As we're discussing, we have to focus on the fact that we're volunteers here.

Cameron: That's how production works though. That's why Xander and I were cautioning you before we got to RustConf.

TC: I understand that. Post-production can easily dominate the costs. But there are things we can do to reduce the post-production cost with e.g. the standards we set, the kind of content we plan to do, and how we structure things upfront. The failure mode is that we do a bunch of interviews at a conference, and by the time the next conference is coming around, we still haven't published from the last one. We need to focus, I think, on how to get things out quickly.

Tyler: I like this idea of treating conferences as special editions. But how many interviews do we from RustConf? We have the around 12 interviews. If we publish one once a week, we've got a lot of content already. So it makes sense to focus on getting things out and then think of a more sustainable way.

Xander: I'd agree with TC's point about scope creep. We've done that well so far I think. We've already cut down on an extra camera to save up editing time. What probably makes sense is recorded video interviews that could be a podcast, video on youtube and a text summary article. That feels like where we can get pretty well dialled in: use this software, these mics, this software, upload here etc. We'll see what our pipeline looks like. Right now I worry about running out of content rather having too much.

Pete: We got a lot of interviews this time. I'm not sure going forward all conferences we'll have the same ability to do this. Since Lori's not here I wanted to speak to what she brought up to me: how do we sequence the content, what release schedule should we have, etc.? We should probably also come up with the core philosophy, some baseline that can be done remotely and some process where if enough of us end up at a conference we can set things up. And when we've executed on all this, make sure we put the content out in the order that makes sense. And only content we're proud of. We shouldn't promise that we publish everything we record.

Pete: Right now I'm thinking about: what is the *first* thing we publish? The first five things. That will help set the tone.

Tyler: I want to push back on categorically deciding on not having multiple camera angles. We can also decide we can have jump cuts. But in my mind it doesn't make editing that much harder.

Tomas: Rustation Station?

Xander: Anyone can host an interview. Multiple hosts, guests. It's more of a platform.

Pete: Is this the discussion we should continue today or jump to another topic?

Xander: That's what I think. I don't think we're blocked on post-processing yet.

Pete: My philosophy on this is what I've seen is things go well and some not so well. Sustainability is important to get going from the beginning. Having in mind members of the team should be maximally curious, learning all the steps, being able to do what's needed. Maybe not everyone needs to be good at everything, but be at least somewhat competent to do these things.

Xander: One note on the tone of the content. TC mentioned Charlie Rose-style interview. I want to be experimental in style and tone but that felt like the North Star. "I'm not worried about making this a hard 23-minute edit. If the conversation goes longer, it goes longer. Can go as deeply technical as needs.". What's everyone else's thougths?

TC: That sounds perfect to me of course. From the philosophy standpoint, the key is, the great story is the content coming from the interviewees. Just them saying it is 90% of the value. That should be our initial practical focus: what's the least amount of work we can do in getting that content out the door? Just getting it out there is the value. If we can get these out in a single editing pass, that's the goal. Watch it once, clip it, get it out. The value is in intelligent people saying interesting things on film about Rust. If it takes multiple editing passes and 50 hours in post-produciton for a one hour interview, we're not going to get things out fast enough.

Pete: I don't understand the side of things yet: should we have a release schedule? If we say the most important thing is getting the content out there, a potential strategy is release everything at once. I've not worked in that area, so I don't know if it's better to have a consistent schedule. Lori may be better equipped to help having that conversation.

Cameron: Release schedule and all that stuff -- we're too early to know any of that. Releasing everything at once is a terrible idea. It'll be an algorithm problem. It'll be one post on reddit and then nothing. But if we release two interviews close together, it's not a big deal. Now at least.

Cameron: Regarding what TC aside about quality etc. We've already agreed we're not really editing. We're shooting long-form interviews and there's not going to be a lot of cutting -- we don't have team/budget to do that. But making sure there's a formula, making sure it looks good or sounds good is how we get there. No one's going to listen to audio with dogs barking on the background etc. Cell phones and the cheap road mics are fine. But we need to make it as easy as possible for everyone to do acceptable / above average stuff. Quantity for quantity's sake is not great. Having the quantity at RustConf was great because we were all in once place. If we end up with too much good stuff we can't sit on for too long, that's a great problem to have.

Tyler: Let's move from the philosophical to the concrete? Tomas and I will be at Kangrejos next week. I'd love suggestions on how to capture content that's good and doesn't require a lot of editing.

TC: I want to agree with Cameron on everything that he said. We want to have good audio and decent lighting. But we want to focus on getting that quality on the upfront side so as to be able to mostly just publish exactly what we have on film. In terms of quantity, we already got quantity at RustConf. My concern is just not building up a backlog.

TC: Regarding the specifics, tmandry, perhaps you can talk about what happened on RustConf, what you think worked well, and anythingyou'd like to change for Kangrejos?

Xander: I think we're all very aligned on high quality audio as most important. Almost everything visual barely matters. Especially if we go with content that can be turned into podcasts. Our threshold of what is acceptable is keep it pretty low. The one thing is how you structure the interview and how much you want to cut. The interviews I did is long trail of conversation, you cut the beginning and the end. Another option is a lot of quick Q&A  where you can cut it up. I shot from the hip on vibes, Pete did some research.

Xander: To align technically we are pretty close. This is what we want to do: good idea. The rest I don't care.

Pete: Is the path we're heading down helpful for Tyler and the folks at Kangrejos? It'd be great for Tyler to draft a brief document of "here's what's reasonable" and me and the others help. And that could be a living document to set the bar of what Tyler and Tomas would be doing. So folks going to Kangrejos would have a bit more than we had going to RustConf.

Tyler: That makes sense.

Cameron: Tyler, do you have any specific questions? If not, I have some general advice.

Tyler: I'd love to assemble a lot of general advise. In terms of the format and content that I'd like to capture -- really getting into the technical detail would be good. Some people you put in front of the camera, ask them a question and the'll get going. Others are more of a conversation. Try to try for audio where we speak about things rather than showing them if possible.

Cameron: Make sure there are as few interruptions as possible. If you're shooting outside on a patio, is there where all the smokers go? Make sure there's not a door that's going to be opening/closing. Make sure a window isn't open. If you're using the same microphones you brought to RustConf, those are pretty good. Our conversations don't matter. If something interrups it. You can just say "there was a horse jumping in the background, can you say it again". We're not doing anything emotional -- in those interviews there's emotion/passion that you can't recreate. No-one's going to be crying about C++ interop. You've got a cell phone, camera. The gorilla pod will be ok. As long as you're not in direct sunlight. Any light going under the eyes could be a problem. Be conscious of people's skin/melanin content. I'll find a 10-minute video.

Xander: We're doing a lessons-learned document. Maybe we should do a "recipe" document: gear, settings, location tips. The actual interviewee -- if you find someone doing short, terse answers. That's a bit tricky, prompting them with long broader questions. Also, always having a list of ~3 questions that you can do to fill the dead air in.

TC: I want to second Xander's focus on the content. When preparing conference talks, people often focus too much on the slides, but that's not what matters. It's the talk that matters, and when you have limited time, you want to spend it on what matters. Similarly, if you're a single person at the conference doing the interview, focus on the content and the story. Make sure you get great audio, of course, but beyond that, it's best to spend the time on identifying the right people and planning what to talk with those people about. Watch some good interviews. Think about the kind of person you want to be when talking with people. You want to spend just enough focus on your gear that you're confident in it so you can forget about it during the interview.

Cameron: Tyler, I had good conversations with you. Don't feel too much pressure on trying to be a good interviewer. You're just trying to have a good conversation. You're a curious person and if you're not going to be the person to lead the interview, being curious is going to be enough.

Tyler: When you start recording people's behaviour changes. That's why I want to focus on getting them confortable to have a more organic sort.

Pete: We should have documents related to these things. And if we can have volunteers to rough in some of these documents for Tyler and Tomas for next week, that would be great.

TC: You can actually learn a lot watching bad interviews as well. Identify the flaws, and don't do those things.

TC: Regarding trying to capture the feeling of a normal conversation, I'd highlight that sometimes some artificiality is required by the medium in order to achieve that feeling. Film changes things, and some performance can be required to make it look natural. Otherwise natural doesn't always look natural on film.

Tyler: I agree. There is a performance but you want to feel relaxed.

Xander: Only doing interviews about stuff you're passionate about is a great cheat code.

Checklist:
- [ ] Create a checklist for interviewing
- [ ] Create a checklist for A/V
- [ ] Find basic interivew advice video
- [ ] Start philosophy doc


## Skipped agenda items to follow-up on async and/or in other meetings

### Lessons learned

[Doc](https://hackmd.io/@rust-content-team/ryCZ3DUclx/edit) from RustConf 2025

Let's generalize it and add anything else we can think of.

### Editing content

Soliciting volunteers!

Xander, Tyler, and Pete have volunteered so far

#### How to store content?

### Equipment / software needs



### Release schedule planning
