---
title: 2025-09-25 - `t-content` Team Meeting
tags: ["T-content", "meeting", "minutes"]
date: 2025-09-25
discussion: 
url: https://hackmd.io/Y81fFhspQzedDmlArHtchQ
---
# 2025-09-25 - T-content Team Meeting

## Attendees
- Xander Cesari
- Cameron Dershem
- Tomas Sedovic
- Tyler Mandry
- TC (joined later)

Minutes: Tomas Sedovic

## Regrets:

* Lori
* Pete

## Agenda

* Kangrejos 2025

## Minutes

###  Kangrejos Linux Conference Recap

Tyler: I've uploaded the footage to Xander's NAS. I've been editing it locally.

Tyler: It'd be great to have a list of all the interviews we've done.

Cameron: We can create a table in hackmd. Track who's doing editing, scheduling publishing.

Tyler: we could also use github projects, or make a bunch of sections in hackmd

Xander: can we have hacmd store its files in a github repo?

Tyler: there is a sync feature but you have to do it manually

Cameron: A lot of teams seem to keep their notes private and keep it publish

Xander: in the safety critical consortium do a lot of Chatham house rules?

Tyler: maybe we could get a private repo to track items we haven't released them yet

Tyler: it's fairly rare to have a private rust-lang repo though

Cameron: we can keep hackmd private to our group. We can track things in github and link the hackmd.

Tyler: we can do that but must not make them a "team note". Those are readable by everyone.

Xander: We colud also do a bit more of a canban-style thing. We could use a free tier of [Linear](https://linear.app/)

TODO: We need to figure out how to organize all this stuff.

Cameron: you've got the footage uploaded. You're starting to work on the editing. Tyler, did you have any problems/insights you wanted to share with us?

Tyler: There was a fair amount of construction noise happening at the hotel. The first interview we did outside. Looked great visually but there was all the noise. We moved inside the hotel room but we didn't have the lights.

Cameron: We'll get better at stuff. I'm not too worried about if it looks/sounds bad. A blog post can be more impactful sometimes. Some of this could turn into a short whitepaper or something.

Xander: Have you listened to the audio? How bad is it?

Tyler: I listened to some of it. It's usable.

Cameron: There's a lot of tools to use to clean up stuff.

Tyler: I tried to play with Audacity. It reduced it some, but not completely.

Cameron: If we all settle on Davinci Resolve, we should probably all get a license. They're not expensive and they're lifetime licenses. Each license key you can use on two machines. So we could share. Or the Foundation one of our production companies could buy a team license. The licenses are about $300 each.

Tyler: probably makes sense to ask the Foundation.

Xander: How did it go from the interview perspective?

Tyler: It was stressful but we got it done. I felt better when I prepped more. I'm still an awkward interviewer when I looked at the footage. I also brought a second camera for fun. Davinci Resolve's multicam support is actually not that great. There's a bug where the audio sync doesn't really work.

Cameron: I think they updated that this week potentially.

Xander: I just use the videos as separate tracks rather than using a dedicated feature. 

Xander: And the audio problem: is it stil using the audio from the video track?

Tyler: yeah. I think the thing to do is to not use the audio track from the multicam track.

Cameron: Were you still able to participate in the conference in a way that you wanted to?

Tyler: It sucked out some of my joy but not all of it. There were moments when I wanted to pay more attention to the conference but couldn't because I was prepping for interviews.

Cameron: There's probably going to be some dead space between conferences where we can prep.

Tyler: Also we did more prep ahead of times that made things easier. Writing out the questions I wanted to ask helped me.

Tomas: This was my first time doing an interview. It went better than I feared. I worried I'd get stuck trying to pronounce a word or get out of a grammar situation, but I don't recall that happening. I ran out of all the prepared questions really quickly, but I was able to keep going because I've watched the talk with great interest, tried it locally and got really excited about it. Didn't feel awkward and have a good feeling afterwards. The main issue was that the camera Tyler brought with him stopped recording after 30 minutes so we had to keep an eye on that and start it again.

Xander: I'm a big fan of following your passion and if you feel you got what you wanted in 20 minutes, that's good. And it helps a lot if you've watched the talk, got excited.

Xander: That was an old tax bracket in the US. If it's a still camera it can only record for up 30 minutes and if it's a "video" camera it would get taxed higher.

Cameron: Do we have a next conference / interview block that we want to do? If so let's put it on the calendar so we're not stuck having to put it all together on short notice.

Xander: Pete's going to Berlin for other reasons and he's going to record a bunch of stuff there. I wouldn't mind doing RustNation. RustNation and RustWeek are great. If we're doing this in person again, we should shoot for larger conferences and scheduling it ahead of time.

Cameron: And work with the conference organizers to help us schedule things.

Xander: And we should work on some remote interviews. There are tools like Rivercast and Zencaster that record things to you.

Tomas: Regarding audio, some podcasters I listen to send microphones to their interviewees so there's consistent sound quality. What do you think about that?

Xander: I asked Matthias Endler who does the Rust in Production podcast and he said the's not sending mics out. Everyone had a decent mic so far.

Cameron: Oftentimes the nerds have decent sound set up. Or people would just buy to for $25 bucs on Amazon.

Xander: And the other thing is recording setup. We could send out a little document detailing how to create a good recording setup (no echo, sound blankets, etc).

Tyler: When I was on the Rustation Station podcast I used just my airpods.

Cameron: There's plenty of ways to do good quality phone audio.

Xander: Personally I'd love to get through editing the five interviews on my plate before more doing interviews.

Cameron: My brother does livestreaming stuff and I think he said Riverside is better. He does things for the larger events, so that may not necessarily be best for us.

Xander: Matthias said Riverside or Zencaster. Everything else is hot garbage.

Cameron: After listening to JD's interview. And having several big supply chains in the last four weeks. JD's not an expert on this stuff, but they talk about working together with other languages. Working with Python and nvm about coming up for other solutions. I want to bring those groups together. Every time npm has a problem people go "Rust has the same problem". I happen to know people at the Python Software Foundation. I reached out to them and they said "email me at my psf with a pitch". And find someone from crates.io and someone in NPM.

Xander: This feels more like a panel discussion/roundtable thing.

Cameron: I was going to send out a questionnaire ("are you even interested in discussing this").

Xander: Broadly, we want to do the pre-research. Maybe intake interviews. Is there something here to talk about? And the other thing is: working across organizations. From a content side we're all aligned. But from the content process team side maybe there's investigative journalism to figure out whether there's something there.

Tyler: One question I have is: if we learned something insightful, how are we going to make sure that's taken into account by the team? Send them the videos and hope they'll watch it?

Xander: Every time you read the hacker news comments, people say all of these things are inherently unsafe. There's an opportunity to explain things.

Cameron: It seems like there are people working on stuff. There's the whole "rewrite it in rust" and we could show that we're being good stewards here. Fundamentally I'm just interested in the topic but there can.

Tyler: I think this interview is a great idea.  If we're speoaking with the Rust project voice, we need to be careful that us saying "this is a great idea" doesn't necessarily mean that the Rust project thinks it's a great idea. Also I think the Rust Foundation are doing interviews.

Cameron: Lori and I talked about this so I'd assume they're aware.

Tyler: I just want to make sure we don't get into: one week the Rust Foundation releases an interview on x and the next week the content team releases an interview about x.

Xander: It seems we're broadly yes on the content idea. We just need to dot our eyes and cross our ts.

Cameron: Thanks for pointing me to the openSSF statement. I need to read it in full.

Xander: What are some other forms of content we're going to do. What about doing pair programming code review -- having someone walk them through a code base for something interesting they did. We might want to talk about what the podcast intfrastructure could look like. What are more "remote content" things we want to play with.

Tyler: You mean people doing interesting open source content?

Xander: Yeah.

Tyler: Yeah I agree.

Cameron: Now I see why we want to have a private space. Because now we're talking about reaching out to people etc. and we don't want to necessarily do that.

Tyler: Do we have a way for supporting private repos?

TC: I think we do. We have an Enterprise Github.

Tyler: Does the Council have a private repo?

TC: Nope, everything the Council does is public. What did we want the private repo for?

Tyler: Work in progress videos, people asking us to do edit things out.

TC: My supposition is most things we can do in public. And the odd case could be in our private zulip channel.

Xander: I become a little more skittish about that. I did the survey for safety critical stuff and they put in PII that was then published, they tried to remove it and then that became quite complex.

TC: It'd be worthwhile to take some steps to try and prevent that in the future. Maybe to have in our pre-process intervives to remind people to think through what they were going to say and double check with their companies. We don't want to capture that in the first place ideally.

Xander: Yeah but it's going to become inevitable. When we interview certain corporate people, I may have to run this by our comms department.

TC: I don't think we should accept those interivews.

Cameron: We're also not trying to be gotcha people. I think this is something we should maybe think about. We haven't had any problems yet. We have time to think about these questions. Maybe we can put this on the agenda in two weeks for the next call.

Tyler: And we can probably keep track of interview's metadata synopsis etc. and keep the private stuff on zulip.

Xander: I also think you can get better interviews that are relaxed. If we go into interviews and tell them not to worry, if they say something they want to pull out, we'll pull it out -- that's probably gonig to be probably a better interview.

Cameron: Also I think in most cases it's going to be editing out a word. It's going to be a project name or tool name or something. I think it's going to be more of a rare misstep than a whole interview.

Tyler: I was interviewed one time at a conference and I wast told what I can say and not, and I don't think the interview went natural at all.

TC: I agree, but think about this from the Project / Council side. We're trying to prevent a bad thing from happening: where it already goes up. We made a mistake and put something out there unintentionally. And then it'll already be out there. And at that point we're going to get asked a lot of questions. And I want us to be realy careful.

Xander: That makes me really think we should have some tyep of pre-interview agreement. Maybe we may have two: one for open source developers and the other one for e.g. google where they have no editorial power but they may get preview and veto.

TC: I don't think we have to do that pre-emptively. We should see if we're missing out on great content. But these are terms that e.g. Ars Technica would never agree to.

Xander: Then we should have an agreement saying that there's no editorial review etc. Let's be very explicit up-front.

Cameron: If someone says something in the interview that came off with a wrong vibe. That's the interview, we're not going to change that. But if someone dropped in a word that they shouldn't, we might be ablet to set them at ease with that.
