---
title: 2026-01-15 - `t-content` Meeting
tags: ["T-content", "meeting", "minutes"]
date: 2026-01-15
discussion: https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/523012-t-content/topic/2026-01-15.20meeting/with/568252532
url: https://hackmd.io/@rust-content-team/ByxVIj9rrZl
---

# 2026-01-15 - `t-content` Meeting

## Attendance

### Attendees

* Pete LeVasseur
* Cameron Dershem
* Tomas Sedovic
* Tyler Mandry
* TC
* Darko Mesaroš

### Regrets

* Lori

## Agenda

* Solicitation of notetaker
    * Tomas Sedovic
* Figure out a new meeting time logistics
    * Please [fill in](https://lettucemeet.com/l/wDOAD) if you've not yet
* Predrag interview update from Tyler Mandry
* Pete edited Taylor Cramer's interview
* Review of [board](https://github.com/orgs/rust-lang/projects/65/views/1) for updates
* Equipment / Software Needs
  * Getting this to fit in a Pelican case we can ship
  * Update from Lori on when Darko can come out
  * Pete is going to Rust Nation UK, so this'd be sick to do!


## Figure out a new meeting time logistics

Pete: Please [fill in](https://lettucemeet.com/l/wDOAD) if you've not yet

Pete: Tyler and Pete filled them in, Tomas doesn't need to be there

Cameron: I feel I filled it out. Let me take a look

Pete: TC, if you'd like to be there please add availability


## Predrag interview update from Tyler Mandry

Tyler: Julia's happy to do an interview. Lori should take it from there. I asked Julia whether this call or Zulip would work better, waiting for that


## Pete edited Taylor Cramer's interview

Pete: I edited Taylor's interview. It's unlisted still, I put it out on our private channel on Zulip. It'd be great if at least one person could give a listen to it. Let me know what I can improve on. If people get a chance we could ship it tomorrow.

Tyler: was the tool you used for audio cleanup (https://podcast.adobe.com/en/enhance) paid for?

Pete: I didn't pay for it.

Tyler: This sounds great. If we can get licenses for it, it would be great

Pete: How would we put such a request for budget? From the Project or the Foundation?

TC: What's the order of the magnitude for the cost?

Tyler: $10/mo

Cameron: What does this tool do that DaVinci Resolve can't do?

Pete: This thing where it's a beard scratching against the mic is kind of hard and I've tried hard to use DaVinci for it and I couldn't figure it out. There's a plugin for thousands of dollars in DaVinci. So I tried this, it was free and it worked.

Cameron: I didn't realize what you were talking about. This is stuff that could have been prevented in the first place. If it can handle that, then that's great.

Tyler: You can just ask the Foundation. Ask Lori.



## Talk to Darko Mesaroš

Pete: We've done this a couple times, we'd like to do this more

Darko: Adobe Podcast is great. We use it at AWS

Darko: You want to keep the kit as simple and versatile as possible. The most important thing is the audio. Audio quality comes from software and hardware.

Darko: I've shared a [hackmd file](https://hackmd.io/@darkomesaros/B1V4Atje-l) and sent it to Lori. You want a decent camera, versatile lighting and *good* (e.g. $300 USD Røde/Dji) microphones

Darko: The thing I listed is what I'm using right now speaking to you. This has been a very tested thing for me. The biggest problem that can happen in field recording: SD cards. Don't buy cheap SD cards.

Cameron: This is almost identical to what we used at RustConf. What doesn't work with what we did for RustConf vs. the ideas for *live streaming*. The livestreaming setup either gets way crappier or way more expensive.

Darko: You're absolutely right. I worked on all ends of the spectrum with live streaming. I streamed AWS events. You can do this in a compact manner. Live streamers have a backpack for livestreaming: video encoder, modem with multiple 5g cards, etc. They work well for solo stream, not great for multiple people?

Darko: Are you looking to be positioned in a location or something more versatile?

Cameron: That was the part that was never clear. The standard 2 person interview -- we already know that's going to work and it'll last us 3-5 years. But the live streaming stuff is a separate thing. The people who were suggesting it I don't thin they had an understanding of how different it is. I don't think we should worry about that today. For what we've done today, we could livestream a call -- which we could do today. And otherwise, we'd think about what we'd want to do this for the next conference and talk about it there.

Darko: The biggest challenge is the venue itself. If you don't have a stable internet connection, your expensive kit won't help you.

Pete: What would be helpful is, could you break down the ambitions we have for the group. 2-3 interviews, live streaming -- which seems out of scope but articulating that out would clear things up. Is that ok Cameron?

Cameron: +1

Darko: For any piece of content you should explain why it has to exist. Why doing this live vs. just recording a video. Give examples of things. Then people would be more likely to give you funds.

Tyler: I know you've done different camera setups. Maybe we should have a standard camera setup. I don't know what the overlap of the experiments we did with 

Tyler: I'm using the equipment I had. And I'm using 2 camera setups.

Darko: For livestreaming I have an [ATEM Mini Pro](https://www.bhphotovideo.com/c/product/1557461-REG/blackmagic_design_atem_mini_pro_hdmi.html) in front of me for $400 bucks is enough

Cameron: The thing Darko emphasised: camera is not important. Xander and I talked about it. If you're using those mics and just have a phone camera, as long as the camera is stable, that's enough. If we can find the mics we can ship or cheap enough to buy that's enough. And if we have 1-2 little lights ($50-$75 USD), those things make all the difference and can be carried easily.

Pete: Cameron, Can you write that down please so we have the budget?


## Review of [board](https://github.com/orgs/rust-lang/projects/65/views/1) for updates

Tyler: The Daniel Maedo was good but there were some audio issues. I'll try the adobe podcasting thing. I need a couple of hours getting it out the door. The one that's closest after that is Greg KH

Darko: You can use the free version of the podcast tool as well for up to 30 minutes

Cameron: I don't have a proper video card -- my laptop doesn't have the video card to do this. I might have something I can hack together in the next couple of weeks though.

Darko: Can I help with anything? I edit videos as well and I have the capacity.

Pete: We've put out a call for action for editing. We'd love to have you to help. I use Resolve.

Cameron: Mostly we're just cutting out dead space. And sometimes there are questions the company needs to approve and you may need to edit that out. It's mostly single camera. Rudimentary.

Darko: Excellent, very happy to help.

Pete: We're currently using Xander's personal NAS. We're trying to set up something else. Are you on Rust Zulip?

Darko: I am

Cameron: Darko, we've hacked together an editing setup. If you have any suggestion on how we could do this together that'd be great. Right now login to Xander's NAS, download assets and edit them locally. We're not collaborating or anything like that.

Darko: Ultimately the way is a combination of Box and Frame.io ($15 USD/month for person for Pro editing). That's great for collaboration. You can leave comments etc. You'd like the Foundation to expense this for certain people for a pro version. That should solve all your problems. I'm also happy to donate an S3 bucket for y'all.

Pete: TC, what's happening with our storage request?

TC: I'll ping the Infrastructure team.

Darko: Using S3 bucket is good enough for us technical folks, but using Box/Frame is less complicated for non-technical folks

TC: Fortunately, we have a surplus of technical people

Pete: We've also seen some free frontends for S3 for less technical folks. That might help.


## Walk-in items

Cameron: We should make the calendar for the next event. On my calendar is Tokio Conf and RustWeek? We should think about that for the next meeting so we can plan and prepare better.

Pete: I'll be at RustNation UK in mid February. I'll be talking there. I'd love to be able to sit down with people and do more interviews. Can we get this enough together before that?

Cameron: It's definitely doable. We don't have to worry about a camera. If we settle on a decent tripod and a cellphone. We don't have to spend any money if we borrow Xander or Tyler's Rode mics. If you spend 15 minutes with one of us who have a beard and know audio stuff we would help you how to not get beard noises.

Dark: I live in Seattle, I can give you any equipment you want for Tokio Conf. I know there's one Amazonian speaking there so I can even send it through him. You can count on my gear.

Pete: Thanks so much for offering it out.

Cameron: For the lighting gear we couldn't source that for the last second at the RustConf. Xander was able to expense that. With shipping the equipment from Tyler, I don't think it's going to cost that much.

Pete: I'll message Xander and Tyler to borrow stuff and I (or maybe the Foundation) would pay for the shipping

***

Cameron: I run a Rust meetup and it was all remote. I keep trying to go back to in-person. I do a "this month in rust" and go over whatever topics come out on Reddit etc. Last week I went over one of the recent Rust or Cargo releases. And I go over briefly what everything is. And any time there's questions on betas etc., I emphasize to the attendees to test out betas.

Cameron: One of the people asked whether you'd be interested in doing this every release? YouTubers used to do this all the time.

Cameron: It's not something I'm interested in doing it all by myself. I want to have conversations with people. This might be something our team could do. The releases are on a 6 week cadence. It's something we could do regularly. We don't have to edit it really but we could get good practice. If every 6 weeks 2-3 of us jump on a zoom call and record it.

Cameron: Because the Content team is from the Language team we could make it clear we're not on the Compiler team, but we could ask the stupid questions formally that other people don't know they can ask.

Darko: I did this in Rivian once.

Pete: I love this idea. I keep getting great feedback over my misunderstanding from TC and Eric Huss over at the FLS. It would be helpful to ask these maybe more trivial questions and having them be answered in a nice kind of way. Maybe we could interview someone over the Rust release, do that virtually. Emphasize there's no dumb questions.

Cameron: Actually getting the people who wrote this stuff, that's a good goal to have. But we don't have to rely on that. But every release at least one of us could reach out to one person spearheading the effort and get them to explain it like I'm five. The last release only had 2-3 big things that made it into the blog. This would also re-educate the masses on how Rust releases work. I don't think most people know how Rust works. And it's coming from the language. It could be evergreen stuff we could go back to.

Tomas: I love it.

Pete: We have the public T-Content channel. Cameron you can post this. What do you think TC?

TC: Absolutely.

Pete: Thank you for that, this would be really cool.


## Actions

* Pete to message Lori about getting seats for https://podcast.adobe.com/en/enhance
* Cameron to write down the travel kit (camera could be a phone, what's important is the travel mics and lights) and cost estimate so we know what budget to ask for
* Cameron to bring up his idea of discussing Rust releases to the public Content channel?
* Pete and Darko to speak about Darko being able to help with editing
