---
title: 2026-06-18 - `t-content` meeting
tags: ["T-content", "meeting", "minutes"]
date: 2026-06-18
discussion: https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/523012-t-content/topic/2026-06-18.20meeting.20-.20Can.20we.20have.20a.20different.20meeting.20runner.3F/with/602573551
url: https://hackmd.io/@rust-content-team/rJQjRsFbfe
---

# 2026-06-18 - `t-content` Meeting

## Attendance

### Attendees

- Cameron
- Lori
- Chris
- TC
- Nurzhan
- Tyler

### Regrets

- Xander
- Pete LeVasseur
- Tomáš Šedovič

## Agenda

- Solicitation of notetaker
- RustWeek Interviews
- RustConf 2025 / Kangrejos 2025 editing
    - Editor Questions:
    - Graphics / Titles
        - how do we tackle these and do we have the assets?
        - are we cool if I automate this?
    - How to do b-roll/etc for Alyssa & Kora's interviews
    - Darko's lav audio is missing
    - current status
        - 75% dialog edited (trimmed down)
        - working on color and audio now
- RustConf 2026 Planning
- Rust Release Changelog Series

### Notetaker

- Nurzhan

### RustWeek Interviews

#### Owe to videographer / editor

Still outstanding on [sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ARPS_q5Wnf7DXDHR3_wjh5g2PdZCgw1GRq3o27gwqNs/edit?usp=sharing):
- Teor; Tyler

Nurzhan: teor sent their interview to Gracie and said she's going to contact me. Will update the sheet when she does.

TC: Lori, is this enough for the videographer from RustWeek?

Lori: Yes. Need to connect with Myrinne next week. She was waiting for info for overlays. Where do you want me to ask her to upload stuff? She doesn't have access to our YouTube channel. Should I have her work with Pete since he has access?

TC: Yes, please have her work with Pete. I'm not sure what options she has for transferring the files — what's easiest for her and that she usually uses. Pete can probably download them from what she uses and then upload them to S3.

Cameron: We need final edits and the raw footage. The edits ??. And the raw footage, I don't have a good way for Myrinne to upload it to the s3.

Lori: I just contacted her. Did you have a chance to look at any of them?

Nurzhan: Looked at mine. (...) It was fun.

Lori: I've been doing this for years. You'll learn with time.

Lori: we can download all videos from rustweek directly form here https://next.frame.io/share/b3c93245-6adc-4e15-8a30-ab383c2b63b0/

Lori: she'll send over raw footage once she gets the feedback for teor's video

### RustConf 2025 / Kangrejos 2025 editing

Cameron: Alex (the editor) had questions. We still don't have the graphics for the titles. Someone has that somewhere. They need to put it into the S3 bucket. I'd like for us to automate that somehow. We don't have people's names and photos. Their names were spelled differently in different places. I've pinged people about this. Also missing the audio from Darko's mic. My laptop died last week, do I don't have access right now — should have it later today. Possible that the audio is lost completely. There are also two interviews that reference b-roll and slide deck-y stuff, and one of the interviews had some screen share with it. Alex has no idea how to edit that.

TC: Whose interview was it?

Cameron: Tyler interviewing Alyssa, and then Tyler interviewing Kora. Everything that can be edited without guidance is almost done. He's working on color correction. Many of the interviews were two-camera interviews, and without the proper training there's a lot of color sync problems. he's hoping to have the cuts done enough for us to give him feedback, maybe join the next meeting. For him to get there, he heeds the SVGs for the titles. And guidance on b-roll.

(Tyler joined. Cameron repeats what he said.)

Tyler: We had a screen share at the same time as the interview. I already synced up the Kora one in DaVinci Resolve. I don't know how to help Alex do that in this software...

Cameron: Look for something called EDL (Edit Decision List).

TC: If nothing else, the editor needs the file that needs to be synced and the start time where it's supposed to do that. There are no intermediate cuts, right?

Cameron: The other option is to output what you have, Tyler, to low-res video. He should be able to figure it out.

Tyler: I did the same for... that sounds useful for the Greg KH interview. I'll see if I can get that done soon.

TC: So we have the two interviews we need to sync. Was anything else a problem?

Cameron: No, the missing audio was from Pete's interview.

TC: Thanks Tyler. So we need to talk with Pete about the missing audio for his interviews and make sure Tyler and the videographer talk. Nurzhan is getting more data from interviewees. What else can we do to help?

Cameron: SVG for the titles.

TC: What's the blocker there? Who has those?

Cameron: I don't know. Need someone to make the titles or the template. The SVG is the template. We need a way to make the titles for the videos. Alex can do that, but we should have them somewhere already to make it easier for him.

TC: Tyler, do you have those?

Tyler: I have a copy somewhere.

Cameron: I hoped that if I could get the SVG, I could automate the whole thing, to avoid Inkscape in the future.

TC: Let's also be sure to put that SVG into the S3 bucket so we don't lose it again.

Tyler: Yes, but I probably lost my auth to the S3.

Cameron: If you send it to me, I can upload it.

Cameron: Tyler, here's the doc with interviewee data: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1RgpF-bZYO_8qr0zmCbdw3V0dXhtIjf_Ol3mBLmWBQxc/edit?gid=0#gid=0

TC: Tyler will get Cameron the SVG then. And will get the cut information for his interviews. And we'll ask Pete about the audio for his interviews. And Nurzhan is working on getting data from the interviewees. What else can we do to help move this along?

Cameron: As soon as he has everything, I'm sure he'll get it done quickly.

#### Owe to videographer / editor

Still outstanding on [sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1RgpF-bZYO_8qr0zmCbdw3V0dXhtIjf_Ol3mBLmWBQxc/edit?usp=sharing):

- Darko Mesaros; Pete reached out, waiting to hear back
- Greg Kroah-Hartman; Tyler
- Kora; Tyler
  - Nurzhan: Need to ping Kora again.
- Nathaniel Simard; Tyler
- Nicholas R. Smith; Tyler

#### Lessons learned

Pete wrote a small Lessons learned doc here based on last time's meeting:
[RustWeek 2026 - Lessons Learned](https://hackmd.io/@rust-content-team/H11oV2tbzg)

Pete: There's some proposals we can consider for RustConf 2026 in the [RustWeek 2026 - Lessons Learned](https://hackmd.io/@rust-content-team/H11oV2tbzg) too. Can discuss in that section.

Cameron: In the future, we should take care of interviewee data up front.

### Our S3 bucket

Pete: How are we here? Has Cameron been able to upload the refreshed asset layout?

TC: What's the context here?

Cameron: I believe this is the same agenda from last time. Pete usually deletes the old items before the call starts. I'm assuming this is done: I uploaded everything to the bucket. There's a README. There's a text file alongside every conference and video with context. We can make this a better system in the future. That's a future conversation. The bucket should be organized now, but things are duplicated for now.

### RustConf 2026 Planning

Pete: There's some proposals we can consider for RustConf 2026 in the [RustWeek 2026 - Lessons Learned](https://hackmd.io/@rust-content-team/H11oV2tbzg).

TC: What do we know about RustConf 2026? What should we be thinking about?

Lori: This year it's in Montreal. It's starting with team member summit and capping with RF Meber Summit.. Unconference on the last day. ?? asked for a dedicated room for filming. We've got $8000 in the budget left for this year. We should start looking at vendors, and Gracie maybe has. What are your thoughts knowing that we have a budget set aside? Is anyone going besides me?

Tyler: I'm going and giving a talk. The way we did it at RustWeek was nice, hoping we can do something similar.

Cameron: It makes sense. Logistically, it adds a lot of work if we don't outsource this. We should already have vendors there. This is the second time RustConf is happening in Montreal. I'd start with companies that will already be shooting there.

TC: Chris, I see in the chat that you might make it there. If you do, would you be interested in doing interviews?

Chris: I haven't committed to going yet but I might be there. If I am, I'll definitely be interested to help out.

TC: That'd be great.

Tyler: The intake form that we keep in HackMD, we should put all the needed info fields in there. Is there anything else we should collect up front?

Cameron: Contact info.

Nurzhan: Two interviewees were only reachable on LinkedIn with premium.

Tyler: Let me know if it involves any of my interviewees and I'll reach out.

Lori: I'd like to do the same time slot booking strategy we did at RustWeek.

Tyler: Agree.

#### Which days to plan for?

Pete: The plan (unless we think otherwise):

- Wednesday, 2026-09-09
- Thursday, 2026-09-10

TC: Do those days make sense to people?

Lori: These are the two conf days, and I think these are the best days to do this. Otherwise people will be busy... And if someone can't do it at the conference, we have the external account that will do video recording (Riverside?).

#### Room

Pete: Gracie seemed to think it's possible we can get a room for interviews Wednesday, Sep 9th and Thursday, Sep 10th. Pinged her on 2026-06-12 to follow-up and will update here if so.

Via Gracie:

> Ok, so if you are ok with making use of the coat check room again, we can confirm 2 days now! Otherwise, I'll need to get back to you closer to the event, as we'll have a handful of meetings to accommodate that are still trickling in.

TC: What do people think? How did that work out last year? Are we OK with the coat check room again?

Cameron: It was okay. At the previous RustConf it worked because it was a large room. Nobody used the coat check. If we don't have access to it, we should see if we can get a better room. It's enormous, and there's a lot of nooks and crannies.

Lori: Would be great to confirm the coat check room. The videographer was able to set up the equipment there. Would be cool to have a new element in interview formats (e.g. handheld).

Cameron: Sounded like we already have access to coat check room, but we could see if we can get something even better. Also, doing the on-the-street interview is fine, but we still need to plan them.

TC: OK. We'll ask Pete to check with Gracie, since he's already working with her there, about getting a dedicated room rather than the coat check.
 
#### Videographer/editor procurement and management

Pete: This worked really well to have a single person in charge of managing that procurement and after-event communication.

Pete: Excerpt from [RustWeek 2026 - Lessons Learned](https://hackmd.io/@rust-content-team/H11oV2tbzg)

> Team Proposal: Let's aim for major Rust events where we plan to perform interviews to seek out a videographer to support us.
> 
> RustConf 2026 Proposal: Let's have a volunteer or someone willing from t-content to own seeking out quotes from videographers that can support two days of shooting on Day 1, 2026-09-09, and Day 2, 2026-09-10.

Pete: What do we think about it? Would someone like to be the point person for this?

TC: I think we do want a point person. Probably we shouldn't choose one now, since Pete might want to do that.

Cameron: He's probably going to want to be the point person. But he doesn't have to always be one. He's taking on a lot.

TC: Yes, we want to be sure to not overload Pete.

#### Logistics management for interview days

Pete: As shared in the [RustWeek 2026 - Lessons Learned](https://hackmd.io/@rust-content-team/H11oV2tbzg), this was seen to be helpful by Lori and Pete.

Pete: Excerpt from [RustWeek 2026 - Lessons Learned](https://hackmd.io/@rust-content-team/H11oV2tbzg)

> Team Proposal: Let's be explicit about who's in charge of logistics on interview shooting days in the future and rotate that responsibility around.
> 
> RustConf 2026 Proposal: Let's highlight which two people are going to be in charge of logistics on Day 1, 2026-09-09, and Day 2, 2026-09-10.

Pete: What do we think about this idea? I'm willing to take on one of the days. Could we have a volunteer for one of the other days? My talk is on 2026-09-10, so I'd prefer to take 2026-09-09.

TC: I'd call this the stage manager for the particular day. We need one for 2026-09-10.

Lori: I can do it. I'm not giving a talk, so that'd be easier.

TC: Beautiful, thank you for that. Lori will be the stage manager for 2026-09-10 and Pete will take the 9th.

### Rust Release Changelog Series

Pete: This series is great. Like we talked about last time, it'd be good to have a point person that's tracking Beta items set to land in 1.97.0 to see who to reach out to and line up something interesting.

Pete: TC has written up some thoughts into the doc that Cameron started here: [Release 1.96.0 - 05-28-2026](https://hackmd.io/@rust-content-team/rJj9aSveGe)

Pete: Would someone like to volunteer to take this on for 1.97.0?

TC: If nobody does this, Pete will eventually get me to write it. Let's look at the proposed show notes for 1.96 for context.

(Reading.)

Cameron: Not sure what you're asking from me.

TC: You had wanted to put together a video for 1.96; Pete had mentioned that background on the release items was needed; is this kind of document what would be helpful to you?

Cameron: I gave up on 1.96.

TC: OK. We don't have to do 1.96, but if you had done it, would these have been helpful? I'm asking in the context of what we need to put together for 1.97.

Tyler: The past couple of times I looked at this, I looked at the features and took some notes, try to find a story about them. I don't know if I'd have time to write out a document like this... I'd write more of an outline. Code examples are nice, but doesn't work well if we're doing a podcast.

Chris: Have we decided on the format of the videos going forward? If I were using these notes, there wouldn't be much to talk about because it's just ranges, and assert_matches is small. Is there agreement on what the video needs to look like?

TC: I don't know if we decided anything. Some people were working on it, and I was happy with whatever the people working on it had in mind.

Cameron: I haven't heard about this in a while. A lot of the discussion happened in DMs.

TC: OK. I don't have that context. Does anyone else?

Cameron: Trying to figure out if we want to spend time on 1.96 and what the actionable items might be here.

Chris: The notes say if anyone wants to take on the 1.97 notes. Maybe I can take that, making notes and discussing them on some kind of recorded call. And I can drive that call.

TC: Sounds perfect. Agree that's what it needs.

Cameron: ...

Chris: It seems like people got scattered, and I'd like to gather people. Happy to hear feedback from everyone. Unless Pete says something else, in which case we can deal with that next meeting.

TC: Thank you Chris.

## Action items

- Tyler will get Cameron the SVG then.
- And will get the cut information for his interviews.
- And we'll ask Pete about the audio for his interviews.
- And Nurzhan is working on getting data from the interviewees.
- Chris to make notes on 1.97 and drive a recorded call.
- Lori to handle RustConf interviews on both days.
- Lori and Jakub to co-interview rami3l for the next installment of the maintainers series.
