---
title: 2026-03-12 - `t-content` Meeting
tags: ["T-content", "meeting", "minutes"]
date: 2026-03-12
discussion: https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/523012-t-content/topic/2026-03-12.20meeting/near/578248304
url: https://hackmd.io/@rust-content-team/BJ5Gai3Ybg
---

# 2026-03-12 - `t-content` Meeting

## Attendance

### Attendees

- Pete LeVasseur
- Cameron Dershem
- Tyler Mandry
- Nurzhan Saken
- Tomas Sedovic
- TC
- Kartik Ohlan

### Regrets

- Lori

## Agenda

- Solicitation of notetaker
- Editing Process meeting - second one next week Friday :)
- NAS => S3
    - @MerrimanIndustries (Xander Cesari) babysat the S3 CLI and got it uploaded! :tada: 
- Release notes content
    - Discuss first episode of "what's a release train?"
    - Discuss who could join us to discuss
    - Notes from the ["editing meeting"](https://hackmd.io/@rust-content-team/SyHgcF_KWe)
- Rust Project Team members to interview / GSoC
- Rust Goals Blog Posts
- Podcast now that we have an S3 bucket

### Notetaker

- Nurzhan Saken
- Tomas Sedovic

### Editing Process meeting

Pete: I shared the [document](https://hackmd.io/IhX02BcDSNCSrGyU00Oqtw) for how I've been editing and cleaning up audio using an AI tool. You're welcome to look at it and show up at the next editing meeting.

### NAS => S3?

Check, this is done :tada: 

Cameron: Is this taken care of?

Pete: My understanding is that Xander got it done. I haven't personally checked yet though.

### Release notes content

Pete: Cameron, TC, was there a meeting related to this?

Cameron: Sounds like something related to council?

Cameron: We used the editing meeting to discuss the release notes, [the notes are here](https://hackmd.io/@rust-content-team/SyHgcF_KWe). We went over the release notes for 1.94.0, decided not to record the discussion like we wanted initially, but it made us realize that the video series would be useful. If we didn't understand the release notes, then outsiders to the Project would probably struggle as well.

Pete: LLM Summary of Cameron & Pete's meeting, separating out "how to look at recoding this content vs evergreen content": https://hackmd.io/@rust-content-team/Syt4S5_FWe

Cameron: We also talked about it being hard that we don't know what gets released until the day it happens. We want to create "evergreen" content that's always relevant and not tied to a specific moment. E.g. doing a video about how the release process itself works.

Cameron: I was tagged in a [#council conversation](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/392734-council/topic/2026-03-10.20PD.20Board.20Meeting.20Update/near/578244626), where Niko brought up if we can give companies a way to figure out a breakage early by running crater on their own (internal) crates -- they could then notify us. But most people don't even know what crater means. Every time someone brings up Rust outside of our niche places, someone says "Rust is released too often and is getting bloated". Would be good to have a video to send to people making decisions ("the bosses"). There's an appetite for better communication around this.

Tyler: You talked about evergreen content. How does that relate to the notes for individual releases?

Cameron: The most recent release of Rust didn't give us much to talk about. We could set up videos about how the release train works, the importance of running betas outside of the core team. They're evergreen because they're not tied to a release. We could keep coming back to them and re-editing them for different formats.

Pete: I was going to say the same thing. We could also extract short-form (1 minute) content about Rust. "Here's why you should run beta in your CI". I don't think we'll be able to ask someone to explain these concepts specifically for this kind of content, but we could try to edit existing content.

Tyler: There are youtube channels that only publish 10 minute videos. But are you saying you'd publish these videos and also publish the more timely release notes?

Cameron: If we release a video every 6 weeks talking about, e.g., what a release is, that would be useful, but we could do more than that.

Tyler: We can try that and see what works. I don't want us to overexert ourselves and do too many things. I also want to experiment. People would watch explanations of the release notes. I think there are a couple of podcast doing that already. For evergreen content, we'll need optimize it for what gets people's interest. It would work, but it's less of a sure thing that people will care about. Depends on the topic.

Cameron: The reason this came up was that people at the meetup I was doing told me that most of the people doing the release notes podcasts etc. had stopped doing it, and I pitched it to our team several months ago. 

We've mostly done video, which is why I keep coming back to that. Explaining releases could be done in blog form. Almost every release you see people talking about stuff, and it would be good to point them to a blog that talks about it.

Tyler: I'm excited to use the release train to generate the cadence for publishing content.

Cameron: Going over the release notes isn't a problem. Having evergreen content, and we've already come up with several ideas, would let us get 3-4 videos out of 30 minutes of conversation.

Tyler: The other idea is experimenting with other tools for cutting things. Lori's mentioned Descript as a tool that lets you edit a video through editing its transcript.

Pete: It could work. I'm open to trying new things. For Descript, that's a useful way to search for keywords or removing "uhm"s.

Tyler: Making less mistakes during production would result in less editing, too.

Cameron: If we're doing this, I don't mind asking the Foundation to give us a budget for an editor for 1h/month. Someone who knows what we're doing. I have friends who would love doing it.

TC: That's a great idea. Even if the Foundation wouldn't go for it, the Council could. Any way to get an estimate for that?

Cameron: Let me take a note of that. I'll reach out to a couple of people.

TC: What's the scope of this? Going through our backlog?

Cameron: I wasn't even thinking about that, I'll text one of my friends and find out.

TC: It would be interesting to look at the entire backlog and put together a proposal reminding people of the items and estimating the cost of processing those.

Tyler: I don't know the rate for editing, say, a 30m video. It'd be interesting to find out.

TC: For someone who knows what they're doing this is mechanical. And it'd be batched too.

Cameron: What we're doing here is not even what they do. It's what their interns do. We've been mostly cutting out ums etc. And we're batching this.

Nurzhan: I know someone who could potentially do some editing as well.

TC: We could get a better price by handing all the backlog to someone all at once. Nurzhan, good to know. Please feel free to reach out.

Cameron: I'd ask how much it would cost to trim, cut out "uhms", add title screens, separate sections from a X minute video.

TC: I'd mention the scale of the job (the backlog) too.

Backlog: https://github.com/orgs/rust-lang/projects/65

Pete: 8 of them recorded, unedited.

Cameron: What's the average length?

Pete: ~30-45 minutes tops.

TC: How many interviews that we haven't shipped?

Pete: 10 (8 unedited, two I have that I'm not editing)

Tyler: I'm 70-80% done with the Greg KH one. It's been that way forever.

---

Cameron: On the release notes, I started a thread in Zulip, and I realized I should probably make that public. Would that be an issue? Maybe I should write a public version of the proposal. If it's public, we could tag people who could help us.

Pete: +1

---

(Kartik Ohlan joined)

Pete: Kartik and I were talking, they wanted to get more involved in open source. I invited them here.

LLM Summary of Cameron & Pete's meeting, separating out "how to look at recoding this content vs evergreen content": https://hackmd.io/@rust-content-team/Syt4S5_FWe

### Rust Project Team members to interview / GSoC

Lori cannot attend, Pete to follow up offline

### Rust Goals Blog Posts

Lori cannot attend, Pete to follow up offline

### Podcast

Please do if you feel you have bandwidth.
