---
title: 2026-02-12 - `t-content` Meeting
tags: ["T-content", "meeting", "minutes"]
date: 2026-02-12
discussion: https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/523012-t-content/topic/2026-02-12.20meeting/with/573417910
url: https://hackmd.io/@rust-content-team/Byuudj9w-x
---

# 2026-02-12 - `t-content` Meeting

## Attendance

### Attendees

- Pete LeVasseur
- Cameron Dershem
- Nurzhan Saken
- Tomas Sedovic
- Tyler Mandry
- TC
- Jakub Beránek
- Lori Lorusso

### Regrets

- xx

## Agenda

- Solicitation of notetaker
- Editing Process meeting was sent to Cameron and Tyler; we'll start in earnest in March due to Pete travel
- Last-minute travel kit Pete put together
- NAS => S3?
- Release notes content
- rustdoc interview logistics (Lori?)
- Rust Project Team members to interview / GSoC
- Rust Goals Blog Posts
- Podcast now that we have an S3 bucket

### Notetaker

- Nurzhan Saken
- Tomas Sedovic

### Editing Process meeting

Pete: I sent the invite to Cameron and Tyler, then realized I'm traveling next week. So I canceled the meetings. We'll meet in March to talk about the process. In particular, I'll talk to Cameron on how to not mess up attaching the lavalier mics. Hopefully we can talk with Cameron on Friday or Monday.

### Last-minute kit Pete put together

Pete: I just put this here so you could tell me if anything looks wrong. I did some research and the kit looked okay. Let me know if anything looks out of place.

Cameron: I just saw the list. I know nothing about it. Sounds good.

Lori: You got this.

#### Recording Equipment — Rust Nation UK 2026 Interviews

##### Audio

- [Røde Wireless PRO](https://rode.com/en-us/products/wireless-pro) (2× TX, 1× RX, charging case, 2× Lavalier II included)

##### Video

- [Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 7](https://www.samsung.com/us/smartphones/galaxy-z-fold7/) — 4K 30fps HEVC via Samsung Camera app
- Røde SC22 USB-C cable (included with Wireless PRO — connects RX → phone)

##### Support

- [Manfrotto PIXI Mini Tripod Kit w/ Smartphone Clamp](https://www.amazon.com/s?k=Manfrotto+PIXI+Mini+Tripod+Kit+Smartphone+Clamp) (tabletop)
- [Joby RangePod Smart Tripod](https://www.amazon.com/s?k=Joby+RangePod+Smart+Tripod) (full-height)

##### Power

- [Anker Zolo Power Bank 20,000mAh 30W](https://www.amazon.com/s?k=Anker+Zolo+Power+Bank+20000mAh+30W) (built-in USB-C cable)

### NAS => S3?

Pete: Last time Cameron mentioned checking with Xander and see how things were going.

Cameron: I sent Xander a message on Jan 29th, he replied next day that he thought he'd have time to do it on the weekend, then I texted TC. That's the last I heard from him.

Tomas: What's the context for this? Moving stuff out of Xander's NAS into the S3 bucket we got set up?

Cameron: If anyone wants to ping Xander, he moved to Bay Area. We used to talk a lot because of being involved in the same thing. That's not the case anymore, so we're not talking much. He just has to do it.

Tyler: I have backups of my recordings I can upload. I need to remember to do it. Need to do this before I travel, which is tomorrow.

Pete: I can reach out to Xander. What should we do, download it on our own and upload things to S3 ourselves?

Tyler: Is it accessible? If he moved, it might be offline.

Pete: whoever has access to Xander, can you please double-check that we still have access to his NAS. If he's moved it's possible he has it offline.

Cameron: I just pinged him again

Tyler: I found the link, it's not loading for me.

Pete: Same. It's good that you (Cameron) reached out to him, thanks.

Pete: It just loaded for me now.

TC: How much of the content would we be able to piece together without NAS?

Pete: We have of it processed on day 1, day 2 we have a lot of it edited. There's one from day 1 and one from day 2 not edited.

Tyler: I think there's everything I edited, it was backed up locally for me

Cameron: ?

TC: Even if it's slow, you can get it all and push it to S3.

Pete: I started the download. Let me download the other one as well.

Nurzhan: Could you give me context on what the videos are?

Pete: Videos and audio from RustConf from last event, that we need to edit and upload to YouTube.

Nurzhan: I saw the call you're looking for editors?

Pete: Yes, we put out the calls for help with editing.

...

Cameron: I'm talking to Xander. He'll message Pete he's gonna try to do this on his side. I'll let him do that

### Release notes content

Pete: I carried this over from last time. Cameron, do you have anything on this?

Cameron: No, no news on it. Looks like the next release is today. We have a dot release. But it looks like ?? so we have time. I haven't looked at any of this. It's hard to know what will actually be released because stuff changed quick. I think we should have another call. Better to do it a week before release. I'll put it on the list to have a meeting the first week of march we could plan to record something.

Tomas: What's the context for this? Releasing something every time a new version of Rust happens?

Cameron: One of my attendees suggested there was a lot of YouTube content when Rust releases happened, but that dropped lately. We could have a regular cadence over 6 weeks that should be simple to produce. I've been doing that at my meetup. And it's something the Content team could handle. The only thing is to put a title and .. on it. But I haven't gotten around to doing it.

Pete: I think it's a good idea to have a regular cadence, like a heartbeat, so that folks are more informed on the release process. Last time, Cameron explained how the release process works, but a lot of people are coming in that weren't around back then.

Pete: The takeaway is we meet again in March. Cameron [put some stuff together](https://hackmd.io/p1qRiGB6RjGrGK_tEbOanQ) and I commented on it.

Pete: Cameron, would you like to have a list of topics/people we could do for the regular release?

Cameron: Sure.

Pete: I'm just wondering who might want to try the first batch of topics. Would you like to put that together?

Tyler: Do we have an idea who we might want to talk to? Is this with people who built these features?

Cameron: It doesn't matter, we can talk to anybody. Pete said that back in the day: us knowing about the release cadence/train/etc is because we've been part of Rust forever. There are questions all the time on Reddit and other socials where people comment on Rust, and they don't know how this works. They don't know how features end up in releases, how editions work. I don't know about the next edition either. Things like that. If the next release comes and e.g. it has `Pin` improvements, we can talk to the implementor. I just went to release.rs and noticed we have a patch release coming out today. For the most part we can take a patch release and break it down, explain why and how it happens. Not enough people are running beta. We could explain how people can test beta, and how that would help. We don't even have to talk to anyone. It's just to get us into the flow of always doing stuff.

Pete: So what's the next thing to do with this?

Tyler: Can I make a suggestion? Since you're talking about the project perspective. Rust has a release team. I could get someone to do ??, and they could help us integrate into the process better.

https://rust-lang.org/governance/teams/infra/#team-release

Lori: +1

Cameron: If someone wants to explain stuff to me like i'm 5, that'd be a good place to start. I don't know how seriously I want to take one of the first videos, how formal or big of a production it should be. I just want to feel it out at the start.

Tyler: It can be informal, doesn't have to be a big thing. I can announce it in a zulip channel, help with introductions.

Pete: Cool, thanks. So, Cameron will think about the next steps. Let's keep it casual. Other thoughts?

### rustdoc interview logistics (Lori?)

Pete: Lori, I think there were some complicated logistics.

Lori: Tyler set it up, got in contact with Julia and Predrag. We're talking in the Rust discord. Predrag travels a lot, this week he's back, so we can kick this off. Lots of travel. Timing is hard. The good thing is that everyone wants this. We just need to get the timing right. Holidays, RustNation. We'll be good next week to move this forward.

Pete: Thanks. Anything else?

### Rust Project Team members to interview / GSoC

Pete: Jakub, can you introduce yourself?

Jakub: I wanted a vibe check with t-content about interviews with Rust maintainers. First motivation: to provide highlights on maintainers that make Rust go -- we don't have much discussion about grants, the maintenance fund, supporting maintainers -- so i wanted some discussion that focuses on this. Second motivation: we starting Google Summer of Code 2026 and we'd like to highlight some of the previous contributors that are now compiler team members. Also, highlight women that apply to GSOC, we don't have many applying. I think it's a great opportunity to highlight the women who contributed and make more people apply to GSOC.

Jakub: You have a lot of interviews, but I also want blog posts with their GitHub profiles, pictures, etc.

Pete: Thanks, this seems like a worthwhile effort. My first thought: do you have a list of initial individuals from top of your mind? Maybe those are the ones we could start with.

Tyler: I don't know if i want to give people the impression that things are terrible, but a mix of bitter and sweet is good. We should talk about the good things we're doing and also where we need more help. Could be great.

Lori: A good way to kick this off is what Jack and Jakub are doing. There's also an Outreachy discussion in the Council channel. I'd be happy to do a group interview with both of them to talk about that. They work on multiple teams. We could talk about GSOC and tackle other things. I reached out to O of the Rust Foundation Maintainer Funds teams, I would be happy to make introductions. They might also introduce you to more people worth talking to. Also happy to do the first interview.

Pete: That could be useful, I don't know if there's been analysis on which teams have felt most stress, if those should be prioritized.

Lori: Not all teams reached out. Every team is taxed regardless of the amount of people due to the continuous backlog of things. Problems are more difficult than typical PR reviews. I don't want you to prioritize what we tell you, rather prioritize things that seem interesting to you. If it's interesting to you, it's likely to be interesting to others.

Jakub: Would be happy to do an interview with Lori and Jack. In addition, I didn't mean this to look desperate, rather I'd like to highlight success stories. E.g. someone who started with GSOC and then joined the compiler team and in the future may even be funded. I'd like to focus on those stories that aren't particularly well-known. There are people who have online visibility -- people who a lot of other people know about. But there are important contributors that no one has any idea about. I'd like to highlight them rather than people who already were featured in podcasts, etc.

Lori: Maybe you and Jack can come together and bring in that other person. I think Jack as also a success story, but when we think about succession planning, and GSOC becoming.. I think we don't talk about that a lot. Getting more people from GSOC/Outreachy and them becoming full team members .. I'll see what we can kick off.

Jakub: If it isn't too difficult, making multiple interviews would be nice. Rust contributor of the month/quarter: take some diversified set of people and over two months do official interviews with them, show the diversity of contributors. Show the difference between someone who's been in the tech industry for years, and a student who started contributing in their free time and got a job out of that. Splitting into multiple interviews would be better.

Lori: I think we can reach out to team leads to get nominatons for this (contributor of the quarter)

Pete: Lori will set up an interview with Jack and Jakub

Lori: Yeah, this could be a great way to start this, we could ask for nominations from outside of teams.

### Rust Goals Blog Posts

Pete: Was chatting with Niko on zulip. We started talking a couple months back, and it evolved into something cool (interview with Predrag and Julia). We should put out more content on goals, how they work, etc. Niko said: bring back t-content and talk more about how we see this working. If we want to publish something once a quarter? Maybe we'll do more interviews at RustNation, .., I want to make sure more content gets produced but we're not overloaded

TC: There's an infinite backlog on goals for us to process at all times. As lang went through a ton of meetings.

TC: There are N goals, each of those has an owner. Each owner will benefit from more involvement from stakeholders from companies outside the Project, support with hardware, money, building a team, etc. There's a huge goal on the trait system refactor, a rewrite of the type system. It's been placed on one guy. Fortunately, he's being supported by 2 major companies. But tons of things are blocked on this one thing. So the more we can put out to gather support for the project, get more resources and people working on it, get trained, have more resiliency, it would be beneficial for the goals.

Pete: Who wants to do this? Try to identify interesting goals, make folks aware

Tomas: I'm not signing up but providing additional context: Me and Nurzhan have been involved in the goals work. We can collect names and point you to people that can participate. I'm overwhelmed right now, but once things calm down towards April, maybe. Anyway, we're part of Goals, talk to us.

Tyler: Does it have to be a blog post? It could be other things

Pete: We put out one. The JD Nose interview.

Tyler: Was that a transcript/summary of an interview?

Pete: Yeah. Blog posts was Niko's initial idea. We shouldn't tie ourselves to a medium.

Tyler: We know how to do interviews and post them, but we haven't done blog posts before. Either could work.

Tomas: How do we edit things quickly? The backlog has been overwhelmed since September. Blog posts seem simpler. If we have lots of videos and don't edit them in time, we get into a vicious cycle. Some things could be blog posts, some interviews.

Tyler: Interviews take more time. When we find better tools, they take less.

Lori: Even if they only write 1-2 paragraphs with a high level summary they can link back to the actual goal

Tomas: Yeah that's a great point Lori!

Lori: Since the team is overtaxed and interviews take time. We could have people championing / owning the goals write a blog post. If I own a goal I don't think it'd be too much to write a blog post about it.

Lori: Our job would be to just get it posted, or get it into a context of a series. Mara would ?. I wouldn't see that as a heavy lift. Our job would be coordination. Having Tomas be introduced, then reaching out individually would be great.

TC: Tomas, people do write updates, can you talk about that? And I also wanted to talk about the relation to the Project Grants proposal.

Tomas: Each goal has a person of contact, and that person's responsibility is to post a regular update on the GitHub issue about the goal's progress. Each goal has a zulip thread where it's posted automatically. They're already writing throughout the year, maybe posts using these might not be terrible. Every two months we could ask them to put out a general update, and at least they'd have some data they could massage into something usable.

TC: We take these updates and put them into a blog post once a month or so. Do we know how much people read these?

Tomas: one reason why Niko reached out was that some people read the blogs, but they're not structured well, and they're not highlighting (..) if you're interested but not involved in the nitty-gritty details behind the scenes, they're not very useful. We're trying to find ways to make them more useful. Maybe by changing how they're generated, or inviting champions to write better updates.

Tyler: My observation from the blogs is that they can be overwhelming. There are so many goals, it's hard to understand all the context, and on top of that you have to do that for every goal. A deep dive into one goal would let you understand what's going on. That'd be helpful. We probably can get help from goal owners ("hey we want to do a deep dive on your goal this time"), that would be a one-off thing and not as overwhelming.

Cameron: That's similar to the experience of reading release notes. Unless you're intimate with the project, they're hard to understand. I rely on reddit comments to explain things to me. The last goals update came out on the day of my meeting, I tried to summarize and couldn't, despite being in the loop. I think this is a great idea. It will help get people involved.

TC: I agree with all that. The way I've always seen this: the reason this team should exist is to tell stories happening in the project. The goal updates have the bullet points, etc., but they're missing a story. Our task is to try and work with the goal owners and find those that would benefit the most from one.

TC: We have some unaccounted money on the council side - I have a proposal on zulip (https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/392734-council/topic/Project.20Grants.20Program.202026/with/572927004). It will be an RFC. Part of it is about people receiving the grants, maybe they'll want to work with t-content and tell them interesting stories about the goal. We could tell those to the broader audience to make more people understand the goal and get motivated.

Tyler: Yeah, the maintainer program will be nice to highlight.

Pete: Who wants to handle this? Tomas doesn't have the bandwidth to do more coordination work. Who wants to take this for a month or so?

Lori: I'll take it.

(Everyone thanks Lori)

Pete: We made it through the agenda.

### Podcast

Tyler: Now that we have the S3 bucket. We talked about doing the podcast in the past. The way is to RSS driven by the Rust blog. The next step is to talk to rust blog owners (web team?), figure out the technical steps. We can discuss this on zulip.

Pete: Yeah, seems appropriate for zulip. We can async discuss the feedback.

Tyler: That way people could consume your content more regularly.

TC: Xander responded to us in the channel. He's going to need the account to the S3 infrastructure?
