---
title: 2026-03-26 - `t-content` Meeting
tags: ["T-content", "meeting", "minutes"]
date: 2026-03-26
discussion: https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/523012-t-content/topic/2026-03-26.20meeting/with/581800814
url: https://hackmd.io/@rust-content-team/Sy545mziZx
---

# 2026-03-26 - `t-content` Meeting

## Attendance

### Attendees

- Pete LeVasseur
- TC
- Tomas Sedovic
- Tyler Mandry
- Kartik Ohlan

### Regrets

- Lori
- Pete LeVasseur
- Cameron Dershem
- Nurzhan Saken

## Agenda

- Solicitation of notetaker
- Review of interviews with Tyler + Pete
- S3: do we need to organize this?
- Release notes content
    - Who can we talk to? Mark?

### Notetaker

- Tomas Sedovic

### Hiring an editor

TC: Did we get the numbers for an editor back?

Pete: We did. It's about $1k USD for all of the backlog.

TC: Then let's do it. We need to make an ask from the Council.

Pete: If we do a bunch of interviews at an event, we can get a price break from this person as well.

TC: What do you think we should make as a budget request for 2026? Equipment, editing of the backlog, future editing.

Pete: We should project which events we'll do these large scale events. Rust Week & RustConf are given. If we plan 15-20 interviews, we should go back to Cameron and ask for that price estimate. And we should agree on the equipment we actually need along with the case and money to ship it around the world. Put all that together

TC: That sounds right. People brought up before whether it makes sense to hire a videographer at these events. We can estimate that out based on our event estimate too. We could do that and not buy any equipment.

Pete: That's an alternative we could present too. We can ask Cameron. Need to figure out the cost of equipment vs. a cost of a video editor.

TC: I'd ballpark it around $500/day (maybe 4 hours per day).

Pete: How do you feel about either?

TC: If you show up to an event alone it makes a lot of sense to have someone else do it. Doing all the setup, I'd want at least an assistant. It makes sense to hire someone.

Tomas: We'd need to account for travel support, conference ticket cost etc., right?

TC: If that would exceed the travel allowance, we would.

Pete: Xander is good on camera, comfortable doing interviews. Maybe we don't need to do all the equipment/technical-management side of it. Tyler's great, Xander's great. But Xander's situation is that he doesn't have a good business reason to come to these now. If he could apply and come as an on-screen talent plus doing other things, I'd love that. Would that be a path here for Rust Week?

TC: I don't know. We're rapidly exhausting our travel budget. We're at risk exhausting that budget.

Pete: Okay, I'll message him to see if he's able to go and submit it.

Tyler: That would be a good idea. I'll be busy all week.

Pete: How about TC and I work on a holistic proposal.

TC: Yes. And I'll go and negotiate this with the Council.

TC: Tyler, did you have any thoughts on this? We're trying to come up with rough numbers to make a budget request for Content team for 2026.

Tyler: There's the editing backlog, [Auphonic](https://us1.auphonic.com/), rental, equipment. I don't think we'd be asking more than $5k.

TC: What do you think about equipment? Do we put the budget there? Hire videography? What do you think?

Tyler: No strong thoughts. Mailing equipment around is pain.

TC: How many hours a day were we doing interviews at these conferences?

Pete: For RustConf, maybe every other hour from 9AM to 4PM. It was pretty solidly booked.

TC: How much would it have helped to have someone there taking care of lights, video, and equipment. Where you could just sit down and do the interview?

Pete: I didn't do much of that -- Xander and Cameron set things up. I still felt I was tied up a lot of the time. They're 30-45 minutes, then you have the next one.

TC: Tyler, what was your experience?

Tyler: It would have helped at Kangrejos. Tomas was helping a lot but I had to get up early, set things up, I was jet-lagged the entire week. But there's a lot of decisions you can't necessarily delegate. Like where do we film -- we spent a lot of time trying to find places to film, ask people for permission. That would help. It was about 30 minutes in the morning.

TC: Makes sense.

TC: How are people feeling about the team? We have RustWeek coming up.

Pete: I'm excited. There's a person I respected who started doing a lot of things and ended up spreading themselves too thin. I don't want that to happen with the Content team. I'm excited but I'd love if someone else took care of the camera stuff and all of this. It'd be better to pace ourselves. But if we try to get a videographer, we'll want to pack everything together. But then we won't be able to participate in the conference fully.

Tyler: +1 to the idea of pacing ourselves. I'm feeling spread pretty thin. I'm excited about all this and I want to get the content out, but we need to start making small bits of progress. I know Pete you've been asking for help reviewing the videos and I've not been helping. We should start assigning tasks but I don't think I can do more that one thing every two weeks.

TC: The amount of budget we should ask for is directly proportional to how excited we are. The more we do, there's more editing we pay for, makes more sense for a videographer, etc. Pete, to your point about the tension: maybe we could hire a videographer to do a core block of interviews on one day, put the big important ones there, and then leave room for the other stuff and use what we have -- whatever we packed in our luggage. So we have failover capacity to our "B-level gear".

Tyler: The b-level stuff I bought was $1k. Maybe we could buy that for everyone on the team. I'd expect a videographer for a day would exceed that quickly. The videos are looking pretty good anyway.

TC: I agree. That'd be my inclination. Get everyone who'll do the video the baseline level stuff they can pack. Instead of shipping a case around. And hire out for when we want top-grade content production.

TC: Pete and I will look at the numbers and see how that all lines up. We'll put that in a document. And I'll bring it to the Council.


### Review of interviews with Tyler + Pete

xx

### Editing Process meeting

Editing proposal [document](https://hackmd.io/IhX02BcDSNCSrGyU00Oqtw)

### S3: do we need to organize this?

xx

### Release notes content

xx
