---
title: 2026-05-07 - `t-content` meeting
tags: ["T-content", "meeting", "minutes"]
date: 2026-05-07
discussion: https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/523012-t-content/topic/2026-05-07.20meeting/with/593525636
url: https://hackmd.io/@rust-content-team/HJ0d4Mq0bg
---

# 2026-05-07 - `t-content` Meeting

## Attendance

### Attendees

- Pete LeVasseur
- Cameron Dershem
- TC
- Lori
- Xander
- Nurzhan Saken

### Regrets

- Tomas Sedovic
- Tyler Mandry

## Agenda

- Solicitation of notetaker
- RustWeek Planning
  - Availability of folks: https://lettucemeet.com/l/jDw7v
  - Reviewing of videographer details
  - Other RustWeek topics?

### Notetaker

- Nurzhan Saken

### Availability of folks

Please fill in, if not yet:

- https://lettucemeet.com/l/jDw7v

Pete: The people who need to fill that out are not here, primarily Tyler. Nurzhan, are you going?

Nurzhan: I'm going but not sure about interviewing yet.

(After Xander joined.)

Cameron: Since we have Xander on the call, and he'll be at RustWeek... Xander, are you interested in doing interviews?

Xander: I've just started a job on ... I think yes, I'll need to figure out the scheduling. I'll figure it out and get back to you soon.

Cameron: There's a LettuceMeet that Pete made, so fill that in when you're ready.

### Reviewing of videographer details

- Initial output of meeting with videographer: https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/523013-t-content.2Fprivate/topic/RustWeek.20.2F.20Rust.20All-Hands.202026/near/593312554

Pete: I haven't looked at that, and Lori's not here. I've seen Cameron...

Cameron: They sent a pdf of a proposal. The proposal had 3 options: 1) 2 days of filming with a fixed setup (all included) except editing; 2) same with basic editing; 3) like 1 but with two cameras instead of one. The pricing is A, B, and C. I'd go for the second package. They're delivering within three weeks, which seems reasonable but I wouldn't be surprised if it takes longer. I'm not going to be there, and I'm not sure about Xander, so I think it's best to go with the second package. It makes everything much easier because you can know the production is handled well and focus on the interview. I also want to be ready for two people being ready for an interview at the same time.

Timing-wise, 20 minutes per interview seems tight. I don't know if it's 20 min finished or recorded. Some of the interviews we've recorded were at 40 minutes.

TC: Couple of thoughts. 1) It would be good practice if we could solicit at least a couple more proposals at this point. One reason is that I don't know the rate in the Netherlands, so it will give us a better idea if we solicit more. Another is that sometimes contractors flake out, so having more proposals increases the probability of having someone else who might do the work if others flake. We could ask Mara, or the Foundation, Lori, could see. 2) Regarding the editing, the rate seems OK, maybe a bit higher than, Cameron, the person you suggested was willing to do. Would it make sense to centralize the editing? It might be easier to communicate our needs with one person — one person doing our editing will learn what we want. And in general we'll get a better rate and relationship by giving more work to one person.

Cameron: I thought the same and only didn't bring it up because I didn't want a long debate. The rate would be a bit cheaper...

(Xander, Lori join. Pete recaps.)

Lori: With the first package...

Pete: The first one doesn't include editing.

Lori: I'm not a fan of that because M is going to be there and she'll be doing everything. ?? gives us a nice price and cadence. Putting the backlog and the new stuff is like putting all eggs in one basket, so I'll recommend doing both instead of one.

Processing all the new content with the person who was there is better for workflow/timing. It's better to have two people working in parallel on old vs. new footage.

Pete: We have two different opinions. How do we proceed?

Cameron: Everything's valid here. I don't think there's a wrong decision. It's a coin flip to me. We'll do great either way.

TC: Cameron, what are you expecting in terms of turnaround time with your person?

Cameron: Need to talk to him about the new stuff. The current backlog, he was starting this or next week. I'll message him now.

TC: I'm also happy either way. We're going to have to put effort in on our side to help the person working on the footage understand what we want. Once we do that for a couple of videos, the person should be in a good position to handle the rest. The more experience the person gets, the better rate we can expect going forward. Having a single person would make it easier to build that understanding. I understand the want for parallel processing. Yet, having a single person who is somewhat closer to us, e.g., in terms of timezone, might be more reliable.

Lori: This is such a basic setup, and that's what she's doing professionally for a long time. These are one camera, straight angle, simple audio editing... Timing is the issue...

Cameron: I'm biased, but I want to lean with Lori. Because of the current situation, it might be better to parallelize, but in the future, where we have a existing workflow with a person, I'd lean toward doing it with that person.

TC: Let's say we parallelize and make two editing contracts (with Alex and this person), and then we'll have 10 videos from the backlog and 10 videos from the new thing done, are we planning to release them at once, about 5-6 weeks from now?

Lori: It'd be great to compare the backlog ones and the new ones, and come up with a release schedule. Putting all of the videos on YouTube in private, and then we can release them on a cadence over the summer.

TC: My question is that if we wouldn't publish them all immediately anyway, then I want to understand the value that we're getting from the parallelization.

Lori: We could release a video every week and constantly have something to upload.

Cameron: I'm going back to this being a coin toss. Maybe we can decide until the end of the day.

TC: I'm happy to go with Lori; the rate is just a bit higher, so I was asking to understand what we're expect to get out of it.

TC: Something else we talked about, Lori, before you joined, was whether we should get other quotes here. There's of course the value of getting other numbers, but the larger value is that sometimes contractors flake, and having other quotes would help if we ended up needing to go with someone eles. What are your thoughts?

Lori: The conference is in couple of weeks. I don't think it's worth trying to find someone else in this amount of time (11 days). In the future, it makes sense.

Pete: So we're picking package 2. (Lori confirms.)

TC: Good enough.

TC: The other point we'd discussed earlier, Lori, was verifying with the contractor that that we're assigned the rights to the footage. This isn't mentioned in the proposal.

Lori: That's been confirmed on a call — the person said we'll get the raw footage.

TC: There's getting the footage, but we also need contractual lines that we have the rights to the footage. In the US, at least, it's not always standard, and some professionals charge more or less depending on the IP ownership. It's just something to check.

Pete: This might be something boilerplatey that's so common that it's...

Cameron: Whatever documentation that we have, it's probably already in there. Someone does have to say it out loud.

TC: In Europe, they actually have a concept of moral rights, making things more interesting sometimes.

(Rabbit holes formed.)

Pete: I'm curious on the mechanics of ...

Lori: To get M paid, I already paid Abi so she knows she needs a deposit... We need a contract signed off, and then we'll need banking info. For Cameron's person, we'll need a quote and banking information. They payments will be drawn from the project priorities bucket. We'll need to keep up with the 15 we've been given.

Cameron: Pointing out that it's 11 days to RustWeek, and this is our last meeting before. Do we have a list of the people we want to talk to, etc.?

Lori: I put a link to the speakers here: https://2026.rustweek.org/speakers/. And there is the private all hands channel of those going to find names.

Pete: A solution for figuring this out could be making a list of folks we'd like to interview, and then handing it to the organizers?

Lori: I think that's a good thing, and that we should add Mara and Erik to the list of interviewees. It might be interesting to get a community interview about the different events involved. We need to make sure there's not overlap in the people we talk to. Let's make the list first.

Pete: So I'll start a HackMD, and we all take some time writing there who we'd like to interview + rationale, then check async?

Lori: Can I recommend that we have a list on Zulip by Monday? Before I've created a Google spreadsheet (hackmd is hard for tables) with times delegated, so we could lock down times for interviewing. Having that done, and then people could squat time slots when we propose interviews. That has worked well for me. We could schedule calendar invites prior to the event. People may get excited and lose track of time during conferences.

We also need to take into account the place for the interview.

Cameron: Monday is a good deadline, but we also paid for 10 interviews. We could go up to 15, but that'd add cost. The extra 5 interviews need to be worth the money.

Pete: Good point. Lori, would you like to start that spreadsheet? (Lori nods.)

TC: Regarding the number of interviews, keep in mind that the videographer is charging by the interview for the editing, not for the filming. So we're still incentivized to pack as many interviews as we can into that 9 to 5 slot, both days, that the videographer has scheduled. Even if we only contract for editing 10 videos, we're still better off having recorded more interviews. We can choose later then to have that person edit more of them, if we want.

Cameron: Good catch.

Pete: I missed that too.

Lori (chat): in the all hands private you can click on channel settings and then subscribers to see who is attending

Cameron: This is going to be a week before the next Rust release. If we could do a related interview, e.g. with someone who worked on a feature that made it into the next release, that'd be great.

Cameron: Whoever edits the video will need title cards and other assets. It's not pressing but we might need to do it for them.

### Other RustWeek topics?

Lori: Would be a good opportunity to recruit new blood into the content team. Being on-site will get people interested. Being accessible at the AH is good.

Pete: Reminds me that I need to ask for an FLS slot.

Lori: Better do it now because Mara's started scheduling.

Pete: Any ideas on how to solicit people, Lori?

Lori: Bring the team up during interviews, carry around QR codes that link to our team...

---

TC: Do we want to meet once more before RustWeek?

Pete: Sure, same time next week? Who'll be available? (Everyone except Lori.)

Lori: Next week is a PD meeting, so I'm not sure if I'll be able to make it.

## Action items

- Pete to make a PR for https://hackmd.io/@rust-content-team/S1In_ftpWl
- Lori to set up a spreadsheet for interview scheduling
- Everyone to fill out the spreadsheet and discuss async
