---
title: 2026-02-26 - `t-content` Meeting
tags: ["T-content", "meeting", "minutes"]
date: 2026-02-26
discussion: https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/523012-t-content/topic/2026-02-26.20meeting/with/575891723
url: https://hackmd.io/@rust-content-team/HylzbZp_Zx
---

# 2026-02-26 - `t-content` Meeting

## Attendance

### Attendees

- Pete LeVasseur
- Cameron Dershem
- Nurzhan Saken
- Tomas Sedovic
- TC

### Regrets

- Lori
- Tyler

## Agenda

- Solicitation of notetaker
- Editing Process meeting - first one next week Friday :)
- NAS => S3?
- Release notes content
- Rust Project Team members to interview / GSoC
- Rust Goals Blog Posts
- Podcast now that we have an S3 bucket

### Notetaker

- Nurzhan Saken

### Editing Process meeting

Pete: We'll give this a try next week. I'll share what I've been doing. I haven't publicized this meeting too much, maybe I should make it available to everyone. So far it's Cameron, Tyler and myself.

Tomas: Are you talking about the editing process meeting? I'm not sure how many people will notice a new meeting there. I can help with that.

Pete: We can try it a few times and see how it goes.

### NAS => S3?

Pete: I'll reach out to Xander again. I don't want to keep forgetting about this.

Cameron: Didn't we download everything?

Pete: No, download was failing here and there and made this a hassle to stay on top of.

TC: Xander reached out to be last week very early morning, saying he was ready to do the password reset. But Marco wasn't online yet. That probably didn't happen

Pete: Ok. Do you want to coordinate this, or should I do it?

TC: I'll be happy to ping Marco, but I think Cameron has the local presence to track him down.

Cameron: Not anymore because he moved. I can ping him on Signal.

Pete: I was able to download one.

Cameron: Does anyone live in the Bay Area who can just hand him a hard drive? Or we could mail it in.

Pete: That's also fine by me. I just want to secure this. WDYT?

TC: Getting any response seems to be the problem. We need to get him the credentials and start the uploads.

Cameron: Reached out to him.

Cameron: What timezone Marco's in? Maybe Xander has overlap with that.

Pete: Isn't he in Europe? CET?

Cameron: His linkedin and github says Italy.

### Release notes content

Cameron: What days are the releases on?

TC: The release is always on a Thursday.

Cameron: The next release is next Thursday. We don't know 100% what will be in a release. I've been busy last couple of weeks, so I only thought about this. If we want to pull off one next week, I'd want to do a quick video explaining what we're doing, maybe get someone who knows basic info about the release cycle. We probably can't pull it off before. I don't want to do the release notes before it actually gets released because something could get pulled last minute. Once we get a cadence, we can figure it out. If we do something small, people might not care.

Pete: you might have mentioned this last time, but having an overarching view of the release process. It doesn't have to be live. Doing a brief introduction sounds good.

Cameron: I'd need to write a script and record it in 7 days, and I'm starting a new job tomorrow. We could do something small first. E.g. saying "we're starting this".

Cameron: The day after the release is 6th. Pete, Tyler and I will already be on a call, so maybe we could allot 10 minutes to talk about the release notes and record it? I'll note it down, and if nobody has a better idea, we could do it.

Pete: Don't pressure yourself into delivering this. We're all volunteers. Recording a light discussion sounds fine to me.

TC: Maybe we should schedule this for the next release then? Then we'd have more planning time.

Cameron: The problem with that is that it will be the same thing. We'll be swamped. That's why I want to do something small.

TC: Tyler is in a different timezone this week. It might not work out really well.

Cameron: Pete and I will talk anyway so I want us to do a low-effort thing and see if it works. We should at least talk about the release notes, figure out what questions we have, and what we already know. If it ends up insightful, we publish it.

Pete: Fine by me. I like that idea.

### Rust Project Team members to interview / GSoC

Lori (offline/via Zulip): Jakub and I will be conducting our first maintainer interview next week.

### Rust Goals Blog Posts

Lori (offline/via Zulip): More to come on that later and I'm syncing with Niko/Tomas on writing the series on Project Goals.

### Podcast

Pete: If you're interested in this, feel free. I don't have bandwidth at the moment.

### Update to uploads

Pete: I really need to finish setting up s3. Then I can upload Tyler's interview to YouTube and we can publish. It's already been reviewed.

### Project goals updates

Nurzhan: I brought up that we post project goal updates on the main blog and project management updates on internal. Should we keep doing that or post the PM updates on the main one? We're also not posting them on socials. The PM updates don't feel specifically internal.

Pete: I'm okay with more publicity for things going on with Rust Project goals. The socials are not governed by the Content team. We can post to YouTube but not the other socials. For those you want to contact Mara.

Nurzhan: Why is there this separation?

Pete: Legacy? We're a new team.

Cameron: We didn't exist before this. Also social media is interacting with people and marketing -- outside of just content generation. We should talk about that, but it's not necessarily in the same wheelhouse.

Nurzhan: It seems odd we don't seem to have a team handling social stuff. Maybe we could consolidate that here. Mara seems to have other concerns beyond that.

Pete: Fair point to raise. TC, is or should there be a Rust team responsible for those things?

TC: There is a social media team. It has 1 member & 1 lead: Mara. It's in the launching pad.

Tomas: We should improve the PM/goals blog posts because they're not easy to consume. Let's not worry about 

Nurzhan: I want us within the Content to figure out the audience for the blog posts. Posting things is just technical. But the problem is whether we should even do that. To which blog do goals and PM updates fall into? And should they be posted to the social media.

Cameron: Pinging Mara is fine. She's not blocking the post so we need to figure out her thinking about that. But someone mentioned a lot of these updates are not consumable by the people outside the Rust Project. I think figuring that out is a question on us. The Content team could figure out how to make this stuff more consumable. And that may be useful for the social media. People outside would get confused and take things the wrong way. Before trying to make it bigger, we should decide as a group that this is how we talk to people. I think our team could handle this as a group even if the current group doesn't have capacity.

TC: Regarding PM updates, I reached out to Mara in July last year to have these be promoted to social media. Mara said that those accounts were mainly focused on users rather than Rust internals. I don't know how she'd feel about the goals updates. I feel they're both in roughly the same category. It feels odd that we're publishing Goals on the main blog and the PM updates on the internal. I find the latter more readable.

Nurzhan: I had a hunch Mara would be against publishing the updates. The separation between users and people who'd be interested in the internals is not as clear to me. Something like the Bevy engine emphasizes this. It's written in Rust and a lot of the users are also Rust people and there's a big overlap. It feels similar for Rust. It seems like an important part of the community. And we should share these on the socials. I think that e.g. bluesky would be interesting because it supports subdomains.

Cameron: I was thinking about the Bluesky subdomains. Bluesky handles can be verified via DNS. For Rust Midwest, we had @rust.rs and @detroit.midwest.rs etc. and we could prove we were essentially the part of the same parent and we'd have control of that account. But that only reaches a Bluesky (ATProto) people. But that's probably a good audience.

Nurzhan: Agreed.  For now it's more philosophical -- if we're even going to reach this part of community.

Tomas: Regarding PM updates, I've tried to make sure they stay accessible to as many people as possible. I believe I was instructed to put them on the internals blog, but can we just move them to the main one? Not sure whose call this is.

TC: Yes, I gave that instruction.

TC: (Compares which kinds of posts have been published on the main vs. internals blog.) There's a theme to the main blog posts: things focused on the products we're shipping to users. Internals posts are focused on the work of the Project. I still feel the PM updates fall into internals, but it doesn't mean we shouldn't promote them. We should promote internals posts that are written in a way that's understandable to the general public.

Cameron: Do we know what the policy of what is posted where? Is there a policy or is this an accident?

TC: There may be something written down about it in the blog repo.

Cameron: Sounds like we're speculating. 

TC: It's intentional that there's a blog that our users see (e.g. releases of Rust) and a blog for people interested in the Project. I think that's a sensible categorization. But there's a question of what do we promote and post on social media. And I think there are things inside the Project that are worth promoting. If we have internal things we want to promote, we can work to ensure they're consumable by the larger audience and then talk to the Social Media team.

Nurzhan: We're not posting a lot on the socials. It's mainly just the releases. We wouldn't be spamming people there, but it is a question of whether we want to post that.

TC: The social media accounts don't reach a ton of people. When we were advertizing the All Hands. The Twitter account had around 65k followers -- which isn't much (and we're not using that anymore). Bluesky had far fewer. Reddit probably has more impact.

Cameron: And Reddit is not official. Any of us can start posting there.

Nurzhan: My point would be to keep the community alive, not just metrics.

Pete: What would be deemed a successful outcome from your point Nurzhan and Tomas? Making goals more consumable? Wider exposure? Sounds we'd like someone (else) from the Content team to work on some digestible portions of the goals. Another is how to get more eyeballs. And sounds like the current social media accounts aren't being read by many.

Nurzhan: I don't think much about the numbers and views. For me the main things is to keep the updates we post are more understandable and accessible. So people feel they can understand them, join the project, and contribute. To contribute to the feeling of the community being alive, updates coming up regularly.

TC: By the way, I reached out to Niko to recount our thinking and ask him what he wants to do about the Project goals blog posts.

Pete: So the primary goal is to make things more digestible, have an open door, make it possible for folks to get involved in the conversations. +1 to that. That is more work. Personally, I'm strapped for time.

Nurzhan: We're already working on the goal and PM updates. It seemed reasonable to talk about this here.

Tomas: We're already working on making the Project goal updates more accessible. We'd appreciate your feedback and suggestions once we have something to show.

Pete: I'd be a good case study for trying to understand what's going on. Feel free to show them to us and we can review.

---

TC: I reached out to Xander to see if I can do anything to help get him set up.

Cameron: So did I. Told him about the 1h time frame, gave him Marco's contact and what we suspect his timezone is.
