---
title: 2026-06-04 - `t-content` meeting
tags: ["T-content", "meeting", "minutes"]
date: 2026-06-04
discussion: https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/523012-t-content/topic/2026-06-04.20meeting.20.28we.20have.20a.20guest.21.29/near/597924800
url: https://hackmd.io/@rust-content-team/HkHuGL3xze
---

# 2026-06-04 - `t-content` Meeting

## Attendance

### Attendees

- Pete LeVasseur
- Cameron Dershem
- Nurzhan Saken
- Tomáš Šedovič
- Lori Lorusso
- Chris Biscardi
- TC

### Regrets

- Xander
- Tyler Mandry

## Agenda

- Solicitation of notetaker
- Chris Biscardi: Thoughts on releasing content, Q&A
- RustWeek Interviews
- RustConf 2025 / Kangrejos 2025 editing
- RustConf 2026 Planning
- Rust Release Changelog Series

### Notetaker

- Tomáš Šedovič

### Chat with Chris Biscardi

Pete: Nurzhan, thank you for reaching out to Chris. Chris, we're trying to start talking about changelogs, you've been doing something similar. Let's start with any generic advise if you have any.

Chris: I watched the video y'all produced (the 1.95 one). My advice depends on what you're trying to do. If you're trying to hop on a call, don't have an audience in mind, not doing anything specific for a given platform, a call is fine. If you're making something  "for youtube" or a particular audience there, then that video takes a long time to get into the actual content. It takes 2minutes 3seconds before the video starts and the actual discussion takes about 5 minutes. For youtube, you want to get into what's in the thumbnail within 30 seconds.

Chris: You may want to get a USB mic. If it's a headset, that's not enough. People care 10 times more about audio than video quality. If the audio quality is great, people will still watch it even if video is not great.

Chris: There were a lot of "um"s in the video. Silence is preferable than "um"s. That takes practice.

Pete: Some of the things you said are very much in line with what Cameron said. Audio being the #1 thing. Great to hear from multiple sources. My intention was for this to primarily be thing for youtube.

Cameron: We're using youtube purely as the host. We could host it ourselves. We're not looking for growing the audience on youtube. Or at least that wasn't our intention. Trying to become "rust influencers" was not my goal. We're also volunteers. We're trying to do this fairly informally. That video was thrown together on that day. Where I want to go with that is to get it more polished eventually, but it was purely to say "hey, we're doing this". Now that we've established this, people will understand and will want to join us.

Chris: When I say "for youtube" I mean, video call where you're just hanging out is a very slow podcast. If someone's on youtube or similar platform, they're expecting something within the 30 seconds.

Lori: So it sounds like for us to practice a little bit. 3 "T"s (tell them what you'll tell them, then tell them, then tell them what you told them). You've noticed it took us a bit to get to the meat. So we should try to tighten it up. We're not trying to be influencers, but y'all are Rust developers trying to bring these topics to people. This s good feedback regardless of the format.

Chris: Yes, absolutely be true to yourselves. Speak authentically, share the knowledge that you have and people will show up for that. The 3T structure is fine. Other structures exist. Side stories are great, more context is great. But five minutes to the first feature is a long time.

Nurzhan: Rust releases happen every 6 weeks and you still cover every Bevy release but those happen every 3 months. But even the latest release there was a discussion with it the content team on whether we even should do a video. How should we approach this? Do we hit every beat?

Chris: I do This Week in Bevy (weekly blog/video) and then the release video. I've done the Rust release videos and I know what you're talking about. Some releases don't have that much content. Some of them just stabilized a few functions. But you can bring other content too. Depends on the audience. If you're focused on Rust experts, that video will just be short. If you're aiming at beginners, you can add whatever useful context.

Pete: Cameron had some ideas around evergreen content that we could do (how do releases work, etc.). Did you end up doing something similar on some of the more lighter releases?

Chris: If I'm doing an evergreen content, it'll be a separate video. If the release is thin, I'd just leave it thin. Not every one is going to be a banger. You don't need to force things into the video. If you want to do an additional content, that's cool but it's not really related. What are you going to call that video? Nobody's going to watch the release content to watch the other stuff.

Cameron: Background on the evergreen content -- you keep saying release train. After every release people complain about how Rust releases work and and they don't know how they work. We'd like to shoot one video and have *that* be the canonical video explaining that.

Pete: Chris, you've heard a little bit of what we're aiming for. Are there things that are standing out for you?

Chris: The biggest thing we talked about: rust releases being thin sometimes. One of the things is to add value to people who are newer is that for everything that's getting stabilized/released -- adding more context for *why* they're interesting. The person watching might not know what the use case for it. Why we're doing this, can we cover this more briefly. This might be useful to e.g. someone working with other languages that don't have this distinction.

Chris: I used to have a code example that was runnable for everything in my release videos. Especially anything like RPIT -- weird, acronym-y things that people might not even know what they look like.

TC: Chris, do you have interest in sticking out not just today but helping out with our content too? It seems aligned with your other work.

Chris: If y'all want to hang out, I'm happy to stick around. Rust gave me a lot, brought joy back to programming.

TC: The concept for the content team is, by putting out good work, to attract other people interested in doing good work with us. Everything you said here today sounds right to me. I appreciate you talking with us today, and it'd be great if you could join our other work.

Chris: If y'all want to see me here, I'd be happy to.

Nurzhan: Most of the activities are on the Rust zulip. If you want to participate, please create a zulip account.

Chris: I'll check if I have an account. Thank you.


### RustWeek Interviews

#### Owe to videographer / editor

Lori: I emailed the videographer with the sheet that's our source of truth for our videos, titles etc. 

Lori: By the time we get Myrinne's (videographer's) video, Eric Jonkers said they should be releasing their videos around the same time and Mara's ready to push them on the socials.

#### Lessons learned

Proposal: Pete to start lessons learned document and solicit feedback and additions. Let's also discuss in the meeting.

An immediate, off-the-dome list Pete put together:
- list of assets we need and use in content we put out
- make said assets available on our GitHub repo for easy access and distribution to editors
- interviewers picking interviewees and largely managing them to pick slots and follow-up on materials needed seemed to work well
  - suggest codifying this process in a document on our GitHub repo
- the process of getting proposals with quoted amounts for work seemed to work well
  - suggest codifying this process in a document on our GitHub repo

Cameron: Was there any lessons learned? Any issues? Anything we should do better next time?

Lori: Any time we'll be overseas, if we can get hooked up with a videographer, that's the way to go. The interview room was elevator-secured so there were logistical complications there. Myrinne was great, her lighting was great. We pulled a couple people "off the street". Pete was great organizing everything. Having a videographer made it a whole lot lighter. There was a lot going on.

Pete: Agreed. It would be great if we could rotate the "guy in the chair". Happy to be the "guy in the chair" this time. I also would like to be out, talking to people etc. for making connections it shouldn't ideally be just me.

Nurzhan: This was my first time interviewing someone. It was exciting. Comfortable experience. Myrinne was great. I'm looking forward to seeing the video. I was nervous.

Tomáš: I didn't interview anyone this time. But it seems that having a videographer is absolutely the way to go.

Pete: Thanks for sharing everyone how you felt. 

### RustConf 2025 / Kangrejos 2025 editing

How are we here? Let's catch up.

Lori: Everything with Alex for editing the background went through. I'll have Abi review it to make sure that everything gets set up.

Cameron: Alex messaged me yesterday, he's working, he's hoping to get me a rough cut today.

Lori: I'll have Abi make sure she's sending the money now that we have the banking details.

#### Names, titles, pictures of interviewees

Cameron: We need to do this.

Pete: I suppose we need a sheet like Lori's been doing for Alex.

Cameron: I've been working off the github issues: https://github.com/orgs/rust-lang/projects/65/views/1. I sent him a screenshot of this. But at the beginning of the interview, we should get people's names and have them spelled out. Some of them are spelled differently in different places. Alex will need the names for the title cards. Does anyone actually have the SVG for the title cards? If not, we should just create a new one and throw that somewhere. And I think we should automate those SVGs in the future.

Pete: I have a version of the SVGs. Xander created them originally. Myrinne needed them so I edited them for that specifically. We could start from those. I was thinking it would be great to put them somewhere.

Cameron: If you send it to me, I'll put it in my version of the bucket.

### Our S3 bucket

Cameron: The bucket we have currently. In order for me to send Alex's assets, there were a couple of things that were missing. I pulled out the entire bucket on my machine and everything was thrown out there. I organized everything locally for myself. THings are under Rustocnf, Kangrejos, there will be one for Rust Week 2026.

Cameron: I didn't put it back into the bucket yet -- wanted to check with everyone first. I double-checked that nothing is missing, but I wanted to be sure before I did that. I also have a readme there. We can throw the SVGs there too.

Pete: Makes sense to me.

TC: In terms of saving a lot of the data transfer, is it possible to take your organization work and convert that into move commands? That would also lower the risk of any corruption.

Cameron: I'll give that a shot first. That makes sense to me.

Pete: If that's unbearable, please come back. Don't try to put a bunch of effort into reshuffling it around if that's too much of a burden.

TC: If we were doing it by re-uploading, I'd move everything into a "legacy organization" folder, then upload the new stuff and then compare everything before deleting it.

Pete: I think that was along the lines of what Cameron was proposing.

TC: I trust that it is.

### RustConf 2026 Planning

Cameron: we should "plan what we'll be planning". We have the dates. If we can put together the speakers and schedule, we can do that async.

#### Room

Pete: I have gotten in contact with Gracie; waiting to hear back about the availability. I gave her preliminary dates (Wednesday, Thursday)

Cameron: Pycon has been in this venue multiple times, so I'm familiar with the venue. There should be enough space there.

#### Which days to plan for?

Proposal:
- Wednesday, 2026-09-09
- Thursday, 2026-09-10

Rationale:
- Can allow for gathering of B-roll footage useful to Rust Foundation as well, much like RustWeek 2026.
- We should _mostly_ have folks around these days
  - Can, at times, make planning around speakers' schedules, but we managed at RustWeek 2026


#### Videographer/editor procurement and management

Proposal: Worked well having Lori manage this for RustWeek. Solicit management of videographer/editor for RustConf 2026 now.


#### Logistics management

Proposal: Trade-off on days for managing logistics at RustConf 2026.
- Day 1: Person A manages logistics of making sure interviewers and interviewees are lined up and coming.
- Day 2: Person B manages logistics of making sure interviewers and interviewees are lined up and coming.


### Rust Release Changelog Series
- 1.96.0 shoot and ideas
- Episode Owners Proposal

Cameron: for 1.96 I've gotten the impression, no one seems to think that's a good idea. We should just skip it. Moving forward, we need to figure out a way ... Pete mentioned having an "episode owner". So there's someone who's charged with the releases. I think we should do that for each one of our episodes.

Cameron: For 1.97 we should try to find somebody who can take ownership. Someone who can follow what's going on in the release. We should also talk about how the rust releases work, why sometimes something isn't in the releases even though it was supposed to be there.

Pete: I saw this in t-release, it seems they have a single individual responsible for a release, but other people are asked for things. They seem to be following this model. The role is more like a coordinator -- you're responsible, but you can ask other people. Ideally we'd be releasing at the same cadence so this idea makes sense to me.

Pete: Next step is to find someone who'd do this for the next release.

Cameron: I'd rather save the energy and work on the 1.97 planning.

Pete: I'll propose this in Zulip.

TC: For my part, I'm happy with what Cameron wants to throw together. What happened here?

Pete: My impression was the vibe was not really there with some of the other members. There was a more of a push towards "let's not just release for the sake of releasing". We'd still come up with something, but the vibe was more like "let's punt on this one and plan for the next release" Both choices are valid.

TC: Within the Project we have the "stop energy" term. We're trying to avoid that, for things where it's not a one-way door. We recognise that when you put out stop energy, people lose the fire so you want to avoid putting out stop energy there. I don't see one-way doors here. I don't see any drawbacks to putting up content that falls within Cameron's high standard. I'm sensitive to us putting out stop energy that's causing Cameron losing the fire. Is there something we can do about that?

Cameron: I'm not sure. The two things that were called out in the blog were things I never needed so it's difficult for me to do that personally. But last night at the meetup, a person suggested I read up on something that I wanted to check out but I didn't get to yet.

Nurzhan: 1.96 stabilized `assert_matches!`. That was interesting because it was reverted from the beta, it was supposed to be stabilised from the previous version. Might be worth highlighting why that feature had problems. That might be interesting to cover.

TC: In 1.96 we stabilized the new `Range` types. That's actually pretty big. There's backstory on those and a forward story on how what we're stabilizing there will allow us to change the language syntax over to it in a future edition. People have been excited about this for a long time.

Cameron: The new `Range` type: I haven't followed it. I'm not deep in internal stuff. It's not something I've ever needed. This is exactly where this video series becomes interesting to me. Somebody can actually get into why this matters. You mentioned how this is important because of how certain parts of this can't be implemented before an edition. There's a lot of stuff to talk about. But I don't know whom to talk to about it. I'm cool maybe waiting a week, making this worthwhile and going deep. I just need help getting start. That's what I want to do with the episode owners going forward. If we have an owner and sneak our way into the release (we become part of the release -- either by listening or people doing the release could ping us). I was treating this as a much more informal thing than I got the impression of what we want it to be. I can't put together a formal discussion about this `Range` type thing tomorrow. That will take days/weeks.

Nurzhan: We can help find someone to talk about. We can look at the tracking issue, who pushed it forward the most. We can ask them. For the second thing it's okay for it to not be super polished and push out things. It's fine to make something with your current understanding and experience and as you go forward you'll get better feeling for it. Doing it regularly is really useful even if it's not perfect. I want to support you in doing the imperfect thing.

TC: In terms of who to talk with, that's something we can help with. The most reliable way would be looking at the stabilization and talking to the person pushing the stabilization or the person reviewing it. Those would be the high signal people and potentially great interviewee.

Cameron: Actually getting someone who wants to be interviewed, it's a chore. Something that has to happen. And if the expectation is that we're doing these as short 5 minutes to the point videos, interviews don't work for that. The way to solve is someone would have to domain expert on the thing.

TC: That's what I'd like to avoid. If we need to spin people up within the Content team to be the domain experts, that's too much. It's expensive to become a domain expert on this sort of thing. In terms of whether we should be doing "to the point" five minutes videos, I'll leave that to you. I don't know whether that's what's needed or not. Whatever you think best and works best is good by me.

Cameron: If you guys want to help 1.96 happen, we'll try to do some time next week to shoot it. TC, if you want to help encourage that, if you wanted to spend a few minutes saying why you think the Range type thing is important on Zulip, that will give me something to strive for.

TC: Great.

## Action items

- Pete: start a spreadsheet for names, titles etc. for Rust Conf, share that on Zulip.
- TC to write up some details on the Range types stabilization on zulip
- Cameron to consider shooting a 1.96 release video?
