---
title: 2026-05-14 - `t-content` meeting
tags: ["T-content", "meeting", "minutes"]
date: 2026-05-14
discussion: https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/523012-t-content/topic/2026-05-14.20meeting/with/595100947
url: https://hackmd.io/@rust-content-team/ry30QwQ1fg
---

# 2026-05-14 - `t-content` Meeting

## Attendance

### Attendees

- Tomáš Šedovič
- Tyler Mandry
- Pete LeVasseur
- Cameron Dershem
- TC

### Regrets

- Lori
- Xander
- Nurzhan Saken

## Agenda

- Solicitation of notetaker
- RustWeek Planning
  - Availability of folks: https://lettucemeet.com/l/jDw7v
  - Reviewing of videographer details
  - Other RustWeek topics?

### Notetaker

- Tomáš Šedovič

### Availability of Interviewers

Please fill in, if not yet your availability as an interviewer:

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1jb9MhEM026_8txTbrwxbzTHIQwRBJmkXd7aoFNynI1k/edit?gid=1756653340#gid=1756653340

Pete: If you'd like to be an interviewer, please note the slats you'd be avaliable for. If you're unclear, drop a note on zulip

Tyler: We should be using the sheet, not the lettuce meet?

Pete: Yes please.

Tyler: So you add a name under each interview slot you're available?

Pete: Yes. You can pick a column for yourself.

### Availability of Interviewees

Please reach out to the person(s) you've picked and ask them to add availability:

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ARPS_q5Wnf7DXDHR3_wjh5g2PdZCgw1GRq3o27gwqNs/edit?gid=0#gid=0

Pete: If you would like to do more, you could reach out to interviewees you think would have interesting viewpoints to share and solicit them for being an interviewee. I reached out to people, some shared their availability, some didn't.

Tomáš: For slots we haven't filled, do we plan to reach out to people on-site and ask them for an interview without pre-RustWeek shceduling?

Pete: That is my plan. It might be good to list those on the list Lori shared: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1jb9MhEM026_8txTbrwxbzTHIQwRBJmkXd7aoFNynI1k/edit?gid=0#gid=0 and then ping t-content on Zulip. If you don't hear a loud "no", you should feel free to add them to the schedule.

Tyler: Great, I'll start adding some people

Pete: If you add people there, please reach out to them as well.

Tyler: For the Intra-Person Ranking (column D) I can rank people I'm nominating, but not the global ranking.

Pete: That's fine.

### Matchmaking

Pete: The easiest thing is for someone on our team looks at boths lists and assigns people and then share that on our Zulip. We can then shift things around as needed.

Tyler: I'm imagining something ad-hoc. If I reached out to people I want to interview, I'll work with their schedule.

Pete: That's okay with me. If you have gotten someone onto the schedule, you're responsible for either interviewing them or figuring out who could be the interviewee?

Tomas: +1

Tyler: I'd be fine with it. That makes me feel I have more control over my time and I can play it by ear a bit more.

Pete: That makes sense to me. If you got someone on the schedule, you're responsible for finding an interviewer.

Tomas: Whom do we have as interviewers? Pete, Tyler, Tomáš, Lori? Nurzhan mentioned he'd be open to trying it out. I know that Nurzhan has been involved in Bevy so he might be a good person to talk to Alice Cecile.

Tyler: How many potential interviewers do we have?

Pete: We have potentially 4-6 people.

Pete: How did the teor interviewing ended?

Tyler: teor's comfortable with the me doing the interview but wanted to check with Joel. Nurzhan already asked Joel and he said yes. So either me or Nurzhan.

(after-the-meeting correction: This was Tomáš, not Nurzhan)


### Reviewing of videographer details

Pete: from everything I see happening in emails, everything's on track. Lori's moving things along. I don't see any issues with how things are progressing.

### Other RustWeek topics?

Pete: Anything I'm forgetting?

Tyler: How much prep do people want to do for the interviews? Any best practices we can use going forward? I remember that for Kangrejos (the Rust for Linux) the Greg interview went best because I was prepared for that. Talking to them ahead of time, talking about things to discuss, coming up with a few questions ahead would be helpful.

Intake Questions from Kangrejos:
https://hackmd.io/9HY8mOxLT4Sa9PbsJPMN5w

Pete: I did have that in my template of things to send to people. Reaching out with some possible questions and some thoughts to discuss and ask for things they'd think they'd be interesting to share.

Tyler: Now I remember I sent out some questions ahead of time. I'll brush that out and share.

Pete: Maybe we should put time bound for the match-making stuff. What about end of the day (Pacific) tomorrow (2026-05-15) that you have someone listed as the interviewer for all the interviewees that you listed. To have them scheduled and worked out the interviewer for them.

Tomas: +1

Tyler: I'm taking tomorrow off, it might be a bit hard. But I'll reach out to people.

### S3 work

Cameron: I was thinking I'd upload my organized folder and have people check it before deleting it. When I do it, if someone can take a look at it, that would be great.

Pete: Thank you Cameron. Thanks for everything you did here to get this organized and consistent!

## Action items

- Pete: Follow-up with Xander whether he'd be open to interviewing
- Tomas: To share the spreadsheet with Nurzhan
- Everyone: by the end of 2026-05-15 every person you listed make sure they have all an interviewer listed and the interview scheduled.
- Pete: Post that the next week's meetings are canceled
